You have improved greatly in the past years. This is probably the best improvement from a artist I have ever seen. I love all the colors you have used and how you used them in the before and after. I just love the improvement greatly. I can't find any other words to describe the improvement other then beautiful, creative, cute, and down right awesome. This is better then I could do currently. There is just so much creativity and beautifulness in the improvement I can't keep but repeat myself over and over again. Keep up the great work and I hope to see more of this art!|
The detail of the scales is remarkable, and the colors!! I haven't seen people use bright colors like these in awhile; it's very refreshing. One thing I would like to recommend is to experiment with different shading techniques, such as solid shading, cross-hatching, all that jazz. And although it is refreshing to see bright colors, practice with soft colors; colors that don't "pop" as much. Also, sketch out backgrounds to get use to drawing foliage, buildings etc. But the texture really goes with the drawing. In conclusion, lots of potential, and an adorable dragon you have chosen to draw here|
I would like to congratulate you on making this work of art as somewhat curious as it is.The concept you have actualized is truly incredible. It is obvious to me that you kept your nose to the grind-stone with your complete capacity of abilities. The line of this picture is decisively exact for the feeling that I contemplate you are trying to create, but now that I think about it this observation is likely superfluous. However, I sense that your implementation of fore-shortening could have been done better as I sense that it doesn't duplicate the quality obvious in the rest of the art work. In the end I would like to illuminate that it has been a pleasure to jot down this assessment for you and I feel it will empower you to up the level of your excellent piece.|
Technical Critique (but this always gets me in Bondage scenes.) People hang straight down. No one is strong enough to hang like that with their wrists apart. With a single hang point, the wrists would be pulled together. Yes you could struggle for a few seconds and pull yourself up. But all 4 victims at the same times looks like an error in gravity. Now if you put a spreader bar between the wrists, you could sustain this angle. But the rest of the concept is lovely. The backgrounds are beautiful. The facial expression of the Misstress is delightfully fun.|
First let me say this is an awesome commission job that you have done. Next I like how this yime for shark week you did a tiger shark. I like the extra details that you have done on this character's costume. The only thing I see wrong with this picture is the fact that one of the character's arm is bigger than the other side. Other than that I see nothing else wrong with the picture. Keep up the awesome job that you get with your commission work. I thank you for asking me to critique this picture you have done.|
please dont support this art because wafflexz X3 ok for real review Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb In the shape of an "L" on her forehead Well, the years start coming and they don't stop coming Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running Didn't make sense not to live for fun Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb So much to do so much to see So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go You'll never shine if you don't glow [Chorus:] Hey now you're an All Star get your game on, go play Hey now you're a Rock Star get the show on get paid And all that glitters is gold Only shooting stars break the mold It's a cool place and they say it gets colder You're bundled up now but wait 'til you get older But the media men beg to differ Judging by the hole in the satellite picture The ice we skate is getting pretty thin The water's getting warm so you might as well swim My world's on fire. How about yours? That's the way I like it and I'll never get bored. [Chorus 2x] Somebody once asked could I spare some change for gas I need to get myself away from this place I said yep what a concept I could use a little fuel myself And we could all use a little change Well, the years start coming and they don't stop coming Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running Didn't make sense not to live for fun Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb So much to do so much to see So what's wrong with taking the back streets You'll never know if you don't go You'll never shine if you don't glow. [Chorus] And all that glitters is gold Only shootin' stars break the mold|
This is nicely done, but the body proportions are off..his legs and a bit too small. The detail work is wonderful! and the shading is very nice. I look at every little detail and the plant in the background is a little plain and some of the lines in his face are thicker, makes that area dark...He looks a little stiff but like I said, its wonderful. I love monk and this is great just those few things I pointed out. The stiffness and body proportions are my biggest issue with this drawing. You did A fabulous job just fix those few things.|
I would like to suggest using stronger colors. Don't be afraid to go really dark or really light. I would also like to see more of a color palette. For example, add a bit of red to the horn, and a bit of purple and green in the blues to make it pop. Use lots of color!! The ear also looks a bit odd. Perhaps its a bit too pointed? I would also be a bit more aware of your shadows and how the light hits. The shadow around the ear being cast by the horn, the ear itself, and the dragons jaw could be much stronger, much larger. I also think the area beneath the eye could be a bit darker as well. The texture, however, is very nice. The way you painted the fur makes him look very fuzzy and fun to pet. One can clearly make out the way the fur is going and how it parts and all that fun stuff. Very nice. I myself really like his muzzle/snout. You did a good job on it. Oh and his cheek fluff! Keep up the good work. c:|
WOW, I seen game concept that you just blow out of the water man.I mean look at this we got ourselves here a vincent vango.I think you just gave me inspiration to start drawing man! Hell, this should be in a museum like the lining, the overall theme, DAT shading i dont think is going to beat this drawing right here for at least 5 years.Man you better be gettin some job requests by some people to draw some art for games, movies, even animes, yeah I said it this picture I'd anime level congratz just all around good job.|
Love this little cutie! You did a lot of great work on this but since you request critique I took a harder look to see if anything could use improvement. Namely the issue is some of the anatomy. On her right hand (our left) the wrist's bend is in an awkward place in relation to the palm. The palm line should be pointing towards the bend in her wrist instead of extending past it. This usually leaves the palm looking shorted that the back of the hand. Her breasts are way to higher. Her cleavage is where the collarbone should be. The breasts should start around the armpit, not the shoulders. The shape of them looks solid though, just bring them down a bit. Last bit has to do with her crotch. The thighs are well shaped but the crotch itself is actually more of a curved triangle instead of a semi-circle. I hope this helps! The only other thing I would add is don't be afraid of that shading. You don't need to hang around the edges so much Looking forward to more art!|
The first thing I said when I saw this was "AMAZING!" The colors are beautiful, the shading is perfect, the details are soooo cool! It looks like you smashed a peacock and a lady together and made this amazing work of art!!!!! I also love how it focuses on her face and the peacock jewel feather and the necklace are a great touch! It's absolutely PERFECT!!! I noticed the water drops and I said "wow!" I can't believe how much detail you put into this! I also love the blue flower in her hair it's really pretty and matches the theme!|
This is one amazing rendition of Sheldon Cooper from The Big Bang Theory. You did many great things in the process of making this image. First, you made the background a solid black so that there would be no visual distractions. Secondly, you put a lot of time into the process of creating Sheldon's face. You could have simply used a solid flesh color for his face, but you did better and added variations of light and shadow across Sheldon's face, adding a level of photorealism. Finally, you took the iconic image of Superman taking off his sport coat, shirt and tie to reveal the S underneath, and customized it to Sheldon Cooper, replacing the sport coat with a lab coat, and the S with Bazinga! Excellent job. Keep up the good work!|
I like your choice of character, the settings of the background and the color combination. Its cool! She's like the queen of the stars or the galaxy perhaps. And there's music too! She must like music yet she doesn't look pleased here. She must be a strict person. The color choices are great! You did well on shadings on the background yet there's lack of shading on the character itself like her skin, her dress, her hair and so on. You should also learn how to deal with the folds of her skirt. Then the balance. Her chest, the ribbon around her neck, the heart shape behind her which is a part of the dress, isn't quiet balance. So as the diagonal lines on the floor, looks like they are randomly and the chair isn't really proportional. The light effects are cool! Especially the stars. Anyway! This is not like the end of everything. I see that you have quiet a good art style I believe you can do better. This is still a great job because you have put a lot an effort to it to make it really awesome. Congratulations|
The model is beautiful and the cosplay is good. I also think the pose is ok. I like the blurred background because it does not avert the observer's vision and pops out the model from the picture. Some more retouch on the skin is needed so you could achieve a cartoon like look. Unfortunately your right shoe is melded into the background. Some part of the fur is blurred. Smile a bit more!! The logo is far too big and not needed. But you must know that I think that logos are not necessary and they always spoil the picture.|
Bravo on your new artwork! I must say this one looks lovely!I like the shade of red you have chosen for specific places like her back and face and how well they go with the white color of the rest of the character's fur.Their fluffy coat is nicely presented with the multiple angles you have placed on each side of their face,the top of their head,their legs,chest and tail.The shading is quite right and proportionately the body is too. The little hairs on the tips of her ears give her a more free and wild look.That look may also be seen in the expression you have chosen for the character - playful, confident and has this " you don't own me" vibe to it. The pixel outline may bother certain people but not me and the shade of green used for the eyes makes a bit too much contrast with the warm red but again it only makes her/him look untamed and also this is not your character so your choice was more or less limited. Again,bravo and keep up the good work! ~ Ion|
this is just really adorable. I love how the colours just fit well together and the texture is very fitting for some reason. I can't believe this was done in MS Paint, The way that you drew this made it look like you made it in Photoshop or Paint Tool SAI! I can't give you a high rating for originality, because this is someone else's character, though the style that it was drawn in is pretty original, I haven't seen anything like it before! The watermark is also in a place where it isn't to obtrosive, but still can stop people stealing your art. This is just simply lovely! ~ Ion|
I must say this looks almost exactly like the sprite In game with some minor error of course. The chin looks a bit weird to me as it looks kind of pointy but the rest looks very good. The colour and the little bit of shading must it look good and made it similar to the Nanako In Persona 4. Maybe next time if you redrawning this again, try to make the character smile as it may or may not look more appealing as it fits the characteristic of Nanako in the game. Overall, it is a good drawing. Maybe I should like you do...|
Once again, I am biased. I think this is my favorite of your entire gallery. I like the concept, the subjects, and the execution. Your use of the range of colors between them to shape the clouds is an outstanding idea and the trail left by the two is done fantastically. I'm tremendously fond of the "Starboom" left by Twilight inside of the Rainboom. Excellent job keeping your color use between the two of them because I think that holds the image together quite well. Something I would have liked to see is a hint of other colors associated with RD in the Rainboom. Nothing that would have called huge attention to it but as is the Rainboom is a little bland. Some more accents would help alleviate that I think. Next to the night sky however. That sky is a far cry from the rest of the image. The background could have bee used to make the rest of the image really pop just for the kinds of colors that are found in the sky. Stars also vary in color much of the time. I really, really like this piece but the background is on the bland side, beyond the cloud.|
I cannot express what I love about this. Silver has always been my favorite character, but this is just amazing. killing him off with a good story. and the silvaze touch? almost the best part! everything about this is just flawless!! Silvers death will impact the new stories of the two hedgehogs now. now that youre almost done with this, you should make another comic showing how it effected the two later on in life! when theyre all grown up and have kids. all in all, this is probably just the best SIlvaze story I have ever read on here.|
This is so very cute but, the back eye i don't know it just looks kind of weird...The shading is good but i think its a little to dark. The little hair poof that u did i mean it is cute but a little to big in my opinion. This is very cute but it has many flaws if u really look closely. I really like the butterflies that kind of give Fluttershy a dreamy essence. They are kind of see through. If i made this i would be very proud! Keep working on this one and maybe add a little something else to make it kind of your own...|
Oh my god!!! So magical!!!! I just saw this and now I just have to critique this!!! It's amazing!!! I absolutely love the colors you used. So beautiful. It is pretty magical to look at. As for originality, I've never seen anything this pretty. This seriously something I would but and hang up in my room. Yeah, I'm a weirdo. Anyway, this is a great work of art. You get 5 stars on everything. Nice work. If love to see more work from you, because this is just so awesome. I love it love it love it love it. Thanks so much for sharing this great work of art.|
A truly excellent story. The narrative was enjoyable and the characters were believable. I LOVED ‘tracing my carving with her fingertips’ as I’ve never seen *my* used in this syntax before. having I particularly liked the ending, though I think a few aromatic herbs would be needed to make sure the count’s daughter wouldn’t smell a rotting corpse, something that is quite potent. Unless, of course, she had no sense of smell. Something like this would be considered a defect, especially of a nobleborn, so if she lacks a sense of smell, perhaps the apprentice can remember it when the daughter walks in. Your punctuation was used to an incredibly high standard, particularly your use of commas for parenthesis, speech marks (“x”) for speech rather than quotation marks (‘x’) and for correctly using semi-colons. ‘I had planed it smooth as glass before tracing out the panels on each side.’ There needs to be an extra ‘n’ so that it is ‘planned’ rather than ‘planed’ (something acting in the manner of a plane). Also, when using ‘as’ as a simile, there needs to be an ‘as’ on the other side of the comparison, so ‘as smooth as glass’. ‘With it, I would win the carpenter's contest that the count of Hillough had announced several weeks ago.’ As the contest isn’t run by a carpenter and the contest is for multiple carpenters, then it should be ‘ carpenters’ contest ‘. Also, ‘Count of Hillough’, as this is his full title. ‘Milady’. This is short for ‘my lady’, and as such should be ‘ m’lady ’. The ‘defense’ should be ‘defence’ and ‘breath’ (pronounced /brEth/) should be ‘breathe’ (pronounced /breth/). I was thrown by ‘ "You must be wondering why I am here" ’ because no one says this. Either the other person would ask why they are there, or they would say something like, “Sorry for the intrusion.” ‘ “If I were a boy, and allowed to practice such a craft” ’. I would have thought that ‘ “If I were a boy” ’ comes under ‘being allowed’, so I would say that everything before the ‘and’ could be removed. ‘I would have enough fame to build my future upon, easily.’ The comma before the ‘easily’ doesn’t do anything here. Again, a truly wonderful story.|
I really like how you did this, i cant quite set my finger on it but it really catches my eyes and keeps it on the drawing! You already have a really good grasp of how to draw lineless and you have so much inside of how to draw fur!! now if i should say anything, not that i am better myself AT ALL!! But if there was something you should work with it would be to make clean and soft edges, use your shadows so that your horn looked more deep and round, and so that her hair looked maybe a bit softer, but then again that is your call to make since she is your character Keep up the good work like this and you will be drawing lineless like or even better! than some of the amazing other people here on DA|
Quiet. Magical. A cool palate that belies both the former and latter. There is something rather magnetic about this piece that draws my gaze, yet I am unable to divine why. The choice and range of blues and purples melds seamlessly, filled with a light source of it's own. The quietness of the scene dances with a mystique magic essence, creating what I would say is the very essence of benign mystery. It invites me to delve further, to keep looking in hopes of understanding something both simple and complex. The broad brush strokes gives a natural distance blur, bringing the already visually soft tree into focus by comparison. But by this trait, the closer parts of the leaves above could be sharpened to further enhance this sense of depth. The last, most striking piece aside from the infused magic of the scene, is the placement of the darks and lights in the background. The light V-shpaed backing leads the eye to the centered tree trunks, which is already drawing the eye by being centered in the spacial composition alone. The tonal and tinted greens below combined with the purple to pinkish upper leaves help box the center in visually. That with the V-leading keeps the eye firmly centered on the trunk, leading away from the less-detailed brushwork on the sides. Regardless of unrefined aspects of the sides, this natural leading highlights the piece's most important aspect. Thus, the composition is naturally effective on a psychological level. To wrap up, this piece is mysterious enough to draw the eye, yet not mysterious enough to be alienating. Quiet, subtle; it is something I would hang in a high-class mansion in a high traffic place, life size and perhaps above a desk with candles. I would pass by it, night and day, and steal a extended glance every time, finding comfort in trying to divine it's quiet mystery.|
Hey! First off, hi long time no talk. Secondly, composition wise, this piece works well as a singular entity. Though perhaps moving focus to a third rather then central would be more beneficial. Your overall colours are good, though I would recommend staying away from darker vs lighter tones and soft brushes. Perhaps aim to work with purples vs orange lighting and shadow, with a harder brush to blend. I'd bring more depth to the overall face by shifting the shadow to the back of the head and use orange tones to bring out the focus- presumably the eyes and 'mask'. I hope this helps!|
Just to ler you k ow, i might be bad at rating stuff, I know it's what people do to criticize stuff, but im not sure, but anyway. Overall I got to say this is by far one of the best megaman pictures I've ever seen, I love the way you drew each and every character in this. I also do like the fact you included timeman and oilman from powered up in this! My favorite part of the image has to be the way you drew Yellow Devil. Overall, I really like this drawing, keep up the awesome work!|
i like the idea of Link also meeting Spike and having Volvagia as a pet like in the Manga of OOT, a perfect kind of Crossover that i wish i could see more often. i hope to see more Crossover pics of OOT and MLP, cause to me its a amazing crossover ripe with potential for more art and maybe some Fanfictions. so anyway this picture is amazing and might i say you're art style is quite awesome. oh and keep up the good work and as i said i hope to see more Crossover pics like this one, (November 23, 1998)|
I really like this image; It's silly, cute & quite hilarious. I like the design of the animal, it has that unique look and is really good. Although I think you should add a bit more colours into it, the image looks a tiny bit depressing with the hint of silly. The yellow and the purple-pink colours brighten it up a bit, try adding a background next, maybe? Anyway, like I stated before I find this to be a really good, well thought image. Keep up the good work and remember the colours, the brighter; the happier the image looks. Hope it helps, ~ Ion|
I haven't been giving a critique for a long time, so uhm yeah.. I'm gonna be completely honest because I see you REALLY want to improve. I'll point out several mistakes in this drawing, but I'll also tell you what's good about it. Note that a critique isn't a compliment, but something to help you, I'm sorry if I sound 'mean' at some points, but I only want to help you to improve, really. xD Vision: I gave this 3 stars, because I can see what's happening and what the general idea of this is; a dragon flying in the sky. But if I were you, I would add some more things in the background, it's a bit empty and flat. I also would like to point out several mistakes in the anatomy: The left leg is smaller and thinner than the other. For the wings I suggest adding the 'fingers' to it. The tail also seems to be growing from the back.. But overall it looks quite good to me, especially the face is well done. Originality: A dragon flying in the sky is not the most original thing and kind of boring. But then again, originality doesn't mean good, you know. If you want to make it more original throw some weird stuff in it, or let the dragon do something different, like playing/fighting with another creature or let it catch some fish he threw in the air, for example. Technique: This you did well. I see you perfectly know how to draw. You used different techniques and that's a good thing. Although I think the lines on the drawing, and the way the dragon has lineart is out of place in this drawing, since I think it would be better looking if it were 'painted'. But that's how I like art, and you may have different opinions. xD Impact: It didn't have that much impact on me, if I'm honest. If you want to blow away your viewers with a drawing, I suggest adding contrast to it. For example, dark and light, cold and warm colors together. Also composition is a good thing to do. I always use the Rule of Thirds in my paintings, and it helps me a lot. Look up some tutorials on how to add contrast and how to use composition in drawings. I think that's it. I tried to do my best giving a critique and hopefully this is what you wanted. I'm VERY sorry if I sounded rude or whatever. I'm not the best at drawing so I may be totally wrong at some points. But I hope this helped a bit.|
I Absolutely Love this!! The Colors are absolutely gorgeous, the whole fill to this piece is amazing! It literally makes you transport into another dimention. This is Fantastic! I love the details of the wings, and the pretty light coming from behind the character, it's absolutely incredible! I love the clouds and the golden touch of color you gave them, as for the rest of the piece, it gave me the impression of motion, when you blurred the rocks! It felt like he just broke free of his Shell. This is truly amazing! Even if there's a lot going on in the picture, it's not tiring for the eyes, on the contrary, it makes you Study it and see each corner and its details. All in all, you've done an outstanding job on this one! I'm looking forward to seeing more of your Art! I love your Color Corrections, it's literally heaven to my eyes. *^* You are amazing! Well done!|
I've had this image in the back of my mind for a couple of day now, and whether I could be holding an opinion and voice it in an adequate way to write a critique. Looking at it again, I decided to have a go Mind you, I'm not an artist, writer or in any way professionally engaged with art... Overall: Instantly appealing. The image jumps out at you immediately, which in my mind is always the hallmark of good work. It presents the viewer with an initial attraction, which is then rewarded as you look closer, another sign of good art. It's a piece that invites multiple viewings, and gives you something different every time you look at it. Fractal shapes: Interesting and effective. A kind of sound wave/spiral/undulation that works really well. The way the theme is repeated really shows the fractal nature (that ties in with my comment about it being a piece that draws you in, and then gives you more as you start experiencing it) Colors&lights: Always a tricky one for me personally. As you create you basic shape and then start trying out various palettes it is sometimes hard to make a choice. I think you've nailed it here. No too many colors, that would be too confusing and distracting, and a nice overall tone. It looks glassy to me. Compostion. By choosing the very wide image format, you accentuated the fractal theme excellently. That shows that you've understood your creation. Originality: Never seen anything like it, so top marks! With all the bewildering range if possibilities that fractals have to offer, it is surprisingly hard to find something that really stands out. Additional comments. What I really like is that there is movement and calm in this work. It is motion and rest at the same time, and because of how you've done the coloring (I think that's how you did it), there is a lot of depth. The fractal theme is repeated in receding infinity, and that really makes it a good fractal. It is both abstract and yet has "real world" associations. So there you go, my first critique. I could have just said "I love this", but I was inspired to do more thanks to your excellent work. A true beauty!|
I have got to tell you‚ your art are better then mine. I could just see you're good at this .Your shading are good too. I don't see what a single bad thing about this . This is the second digital art you have done and I can see the improvement. Oh yeah and wow 13.000 page views Contrast (moving on...). I like your fusion ideas. You got a good vision for your drawing. Yes sorry maybe for me your techniques need practice (hope this isn't a bad thing ) but the Impact is glorious tho . Your originality is good because this is your fusion (DUH OMO). I may could go this all all all all day so kinda late here. And hope this critique help you and hope this don't meant any hard felling I don't wanna mak3 you sad or angry. So um... I guess that all good luck on the next dev art ( imma maybe outtakes steam here anyway.)|
I'd like to say that this is amazing! I love how you added different colors that merged greatly and the clouds...the color looks so nice that it almost looks real! Plus I love how you added all those birds just to add more design. It really looks you did a lot of effort on this so I would like to thank you for that! But I just wish you could add a little more design as the gryphon looks at the surroundings. But in all seriousness you did a great job! I look forward for even more from you now!|
Man ive gotta say how shiny this drawing is ,(I love it) Look at the colour! The wngs are clear and shapen , No obvious mistakes make here, id loved how you put the sparkle in the angel fishes eyes.Although Id think that you should put more effort shading and shadows , makes it even better , and the tail must be more lively a little more , I don't think it will impact me that much became I don't draw animals that much and I cant draw them, XD Over all its a great drawing keep up the good work artistic pages~ By Chen Unknown|
Ronbin Williams was a great actor and also a good person in the world. That's a bad enough that he died. I love all the movies, especially the movie "Patch Adams" that is the best movie in the world, i like this movie; i wanted to know in real life; but i can't i have only the video of the movie. When i saw the movie i remembered the to my mother when she theated so well when i was sick . I always remembered this famous actor in my hearth and also into all the movies that i saw all the time. R.I.P Pobbin Williams|
Okay, Positives: Well-designed, cute, a very good (If overdone) idea Negatives: Um, one of these resembles my most used OC, most people don't have the points to pay for them, and some people really don't have any money I honestly like them, and would buy 2 (The banana one because she's cute, the red velvet one because I don't want me or the buyer to be accused of art theft because of OC similarities. (That's why originality is only 4 stars) Also, Impact is high because they cost one hell of a lot of a sum in points, and some people don't have PayPal and won't get one just for a pony adopt.|
That's so sad... It's too sad to see Tails die and Sonic cry... Anyway, That's a great picture you got there! I love the light effects in this picture! It makes it feel more like an Anime or something! Tails looks like he's "I'm sorry, Sonic... Goodbye... I'll never forget you..." And Sonic's all like "No, Tails... Please don't go... You meant everything to me and I'll miss you..." I also love the tears you put on Sonic's eyes! It makes him feel sad that Tails is gonna leave. This has been PenelopeHamuChan critiquing a certain picture involving Sonic & Tails.|
The impact of this image is very very successful for at least three reasons I can think of! 1. Expression...the look on her face is perfect and tells what she is feeling in this moment...her eyes closed, mouth open in just the right way... 2. Pose...the way she is posed is consistent with what is happening in the story and on the page...it feels very real! 3. The way that you illustrated the peril, it's obvious that she is locked inside the car with gas pouring out of the air vents... Overall this is one of your most successful standalone images!!|
You wanted it, here you get it! I’m going to look at this picture, because I’m not really useful, when it comes to textures ? To everybody reading this: I went through Radschel’s gallery, looked at all the thumbnails and opened quite a few of them in a separate tab, to get a better picture of Radschel’s art, before going to give a critique. Also this is the first time I am using the critique function. Those stars at the side are new to me… Then let’s start the general: while browsing your gallery I noticed a few things. - You try out a lot of things. This goes for motives and tools as well as techniques. - You have some very cool and original ideas. - The heads/faces of your humans are pretty neat, but the anatomy gets pretty lost the further you go away from the head. In general the first two points are positive. The first point, though, indicates some insecurity about which way to choose for another picture. I think from looking at your gallery, that you’re still in a phase of finding your way in the world of art. So despite all I said before I would still encourage you to go on with this, but I think especially when offering commissions it might put off a few persons. As for the third point I mentioned, I think the best thing to do is to buy an anatomy book and do some studies. Shapes, muscles, bones whatever else comes to your mind, try out some speed-sketches to get a grip on what you learned (this is a good site for speed-sketches: artists.pixelovely.com/ - they give you a time limit, which makes “cheating” more difficult). And one last recommendation: figure drawings, to get more dynamic poses (which is essentially to break down a reference photo to the basic things that make the pose). I’ve seen in quite a few pictures, that you tried to add dynamic, but struggled at some point. For digital art I also recommend to desaturate the pictures from time to time, so you get the grey values and see how the picture works without colours and only with “light” and “dark”. (I saw, that you’re working with SAI, just go to Filter>Hue and Saturation and play a bit with those.) This can also be a good method for scanned/photographed traditional work, if you want to correct something. Unfortunately I don’t have too much experience with watercolour and ink. I never got a hang of it. So it is relatively difficult for me to give some advice there. So I’d recommend seeking a person who’s more skilled in that area than I am, to get some advice on methods. Now let’s finally get to this picture: First of all: I totally agree on the airing of WWII documentations… Second: For anatomy look above. Third: I’m pretty sure the picture is too full. The soldier’s head is very well visible, but his arm and the knife are things I only noticed later, after looking at the picture for quite a while. Guessing from the description, though, you probably wanted both to show clearly as the main focus of the picture. So although the red ink or “blood” gives a really interesting effect, they distract from the arm/knife. Less of it or another arrangement might have worked better here. I can imagine that finding a balance as is needed here, requires quite some experience in traditional art. Digital art has the clear advantage of layers and an undo-button (but experience is of course needed as well). No matter which medium you use, try to figure out from the very start of your drawing, what is supposed to be the main focus, where people are supposed to look at. Give that spot/area some appealing details and “high contrast”, all the other things should be arranged to sort of point back to what is the focus. Let me give you a brief example on one of today’s DD’s fav.me/d7adqas (Of course nobody’s expecting you to reproduce this on your own within a day! But I just saw it and figured it fits well.) The head of the character has darker values than the background and thus stands out, if you look down to his boots you can see that there’s not much more than a shape with some basic shading. The characters in the background are already about to fade into shapes as well. I hope this critique helped you! Kyu (PS: The formating of this critique looks much better in Word xDD)|
This picture is absolutely beautiful!! I love the way the portals look so much, the vibrant color, the sharpness and precision just wow. Everything about this piece is amazing! MY very favorite thing about this picture is how the color from the portals gradient fade into the rest of the picture making the picture combos of different colors. The ladies look so full of character and well developed. The wings on the left lady are absolutely breath taking. I do not have a single negative thing to say about this piece because it is perfect just the way it is.|
it is hard to do when I don't know what the artist tried to archive. Composition and perspective is very balance and almost peaceful. Kind silence or pause in a horror movie. The "couple" is floating in nowhere. Personally I would like more contrast by using more young ful and prettier face again the Dead. I think background is too flat, more variation of the darkness would be more interesting. The yellow color is to strong or too much, unless you want express something positive about the whole thing. Fire, glamorous, hope? Overall it is a good painting. Keep on painting.|
Well, this is my first critique, so here goes nothing: I'm not all that into the Witcher, but I do have to say, you did a nice job rendering it's protagonist. The pose is dynamic and action-packed, and while the background is nothing special it serves it's purpose. The real eye-catcher here is again, the action scene, seeing Geralt slash epically like that. My one other criticism is the head. There's something about his facial expression that to me just seems goofy. I know you were going for feral, but to me it just looks kind of silly. The armor he wears is pretty nice. It's not heavy plate, which tends to be my favorite for sword-wielding warriors of Geralt's ilk, but it's still okay. Forever drawn to the little things that I am I particularly like the gauntlets and gloves, which came out nicely, although they do maybe clash a bit against the green and brown color scheme of the rest of Geralt's outfit. Not too much though. I noticed that there seems to be another person in the background. To be honest I don't like that. The figure comes off as distracting, and especially so when I'm not all that sure who or what it's supposed to be. My first guess is that it's some kind of dead or injured elf, but it's really hard to discern. I ultimately feel that the picture would be better if that background character was removed altogether. Again, the main focus of this piece is Geralt going all out on...whatever it is he's going all out on.|
Du weißt, wie wundervoll ich deine Bilder finde – dennoch möchte ich dieses mal gern eine Kritik dafür schreiben, da du diese Option immerhin eröffnet hast Auch wenn ich nur ein Laie bin... Das Erste, was mir auffällt, ist die Tiefe des Bildes, sowie die unglaubliche Detailverliebtheit. Die Kleidung – jede kleinere und größere Falte und jeder Schatten – wirkt, als könne man sie sogleich anfassen. Der Stoff hat Struktur und verschiedene Schattierungen, wie man es von „realer“ Kleidung kennt und macht es dadurch einfach zu etwas Echtem. Selbst die Goldaufschläge sehen so aus, als könnte man sie anfassen und zeigen kleine Verzierungen und Erhebungen auf. Vielleicht wirkt dadurch aber Loki's Hand, die den Stab hält, etwas flach. Sprich, nicht ganz so lebendig, ebenso die Hand mit dem Würfel – sie sieht aus, als stecke sie in einem dünnen Stoffbeutel – und der Kopf. Wobei trotzdem auch hier gesagt werden muss, dass kleine Fältchen, Schatten und Licht hervorragend gesetzt worden sind. Zum Hintergrund: Atemberaubend. All die unzähligen Türme mit deren Schatten und Lichteinfall allein muss schon Stunden an Arbeit gekostet haben. Ich hätte vermutlich keinen Nerv dazu gehabt und wäre schlichtweg verzweifelt. Der Bifrost ist detailliert mit den vielen einströmenden Farben. Das Wasser und das Gebirge erinnern mich an eine Postkarten-Landschaft, wo man nur zu gern selbst einen Fuß hinsetzen möchte. Auch hier finde ich, dass Schattierungen und das Spiel von Licht und Schatten dem Bild etwas überaus Reales geben. Auch wenn dein Scanner den Himmel ein wenig erblassen lässt, so finde ich dennoch, dass darin Bewegung steckt. Wolken – ob dicke, flauschige oder zarte, fedrige – treiben darüber hinweg und hier und da erkennt man den ein oder anderen Stern. Alles in allem gefällt mir dieses Bild persönlich wirklich sehr, sehr gut und ich freue mich auf weitere grandiose Werke von dir. Auch wenn Teile davon nun auf deiner „Nie-wieder-zeichnen-Liste“ stehen|
Capturing dancers is hard. Even when someone is equipped with a high-end camera or the most vivid imagination at hand, I think it is quite difficult to capture something which was originally moving to be something still, but still have the "motion" effect which suggested that the object was not posed to wait for the artist to take the picture/to paint. I am quite surprise that the play of colors on the background actually creates that effect of "motion". The dark shade colors - which I think was cleverly and artistically put around the background, has created a sense of "motion" around the dancer. I only have to look at this painting from a distance to see that this is a ballerina and she IS dancing. And my mind actually expects her to move and continue her dance; for a moment I forgot that this was a painting. She was in her spotlight and she believed that she is a star, she is enjoying her performance - again, I got this impression from the hues of colors cleverly placed. The one small concern of mine is that I did not see a poetic title to accompany this beautiful painting. Had the painter add a title it would be perfect for my imagination. I believe that every piece of art needs to be "baptize" with a title - this is also one of the hardest part and also the part that determines our associative imagination as the viewer, while also embrace the artist's impression towards his work. But overall, this work is splendidly done and I love it. I am looking forward to see more of this impressionist style from the artist.|
It has a lot of character and feel and I really love the fact that he/she looks so innocent and cuddle-able (?), The lines look so smooth against the background of pale blue with the design and colours fitting in so well and matching perfectly and seamlessly with the overall art so stylized I cant wait for more artwork by you and I hope someone buys this, I need 5 more words to submit this. Overall I think you did a fantastic job! (though I have to put my screen a certain angle so I can see the pale blue designs) - Critique by PokemonRox814|
It's really adorable, and I absolutely love the style! I also kind of get what you were going for when you did this. Also I actually found myself relating to this a little too, how my older self was a little bit skeptical about yaoi and that kind of thing, but I found that as I began to look into it a little more that I really did enjoy it! The concept it amazing, I love your style, and it even made me think about how I used to be. Overall this is a amazing and keep up the good work!|
I like that you incorporated the lights to reflect on the water also i like the way that you made the picture go somewhere else in the back then disappear. A few things that I don't like for the painting is that for one you made the lights in the back look like they were in the water and the other reason that I don't like is that u kinda made the lights that were reflecting in the water look like small shards of glass. So over all I would give you a 9 out of 10. Very nice painting you made.|
Firstly; I would like to say that I adore this piece and hope not to offend you with anything I say. If you really were not looking for a critique, you may disregard anything written after this and continue on knowing I like the work. Now, let's jump on in! As for pros, the picture seems to just work with itself. I love how well you merged the pictures together, and I also love the pictures you chose to merge! The shading under the wolf is incredibly nice, and the sprites all seem to have different and original qualities, making it more than a simple copy and paste picture! As for the cons, although I liked the shading under the wolf, it's a tad dark. Along with that, the shading on the fur makes me confused as to where a specific light source is. To add on with my rant of lights, the sprites produce light on the wolf... But appear to effect nothing on the ground? The sprites produce such an intense light that it makes no sense that the ground is unaffected. Going on, there are certain places that it's obvious you just drew on, like the little tuft of fur on the right of the wolf's chest. Or the piercings on the ear. I recommend using a water coulour brush AROUND these spots you drew on, and try merging it better in with the wolf. Those are ALL just recommendations, please keep in mind, I really do like your picture! It presents itself well, and is really just a cute concept. I hope to see more things like this from you!|
This is my first critique, just to warn you. This made me smile. I love the placement of the toad, as well as the placement of your niece. The setting works very nicely with the subject and looks very natural. The photo is nicely in focus. I also like the way the pink dress contrasts the toad, and I like the way the photo is cropped. The one think you could change in this photo is the lighting. This photo is very dark, and because of that, I couldn't tell what I was looking at from the thumbnail. You can adjust the lighting in just about any photo editor. Finally, I just love the idea that just because a girl wears fancy pink dresses, doesn't mean she's afraid to touch a toad. Great job!|
At first sight we can see that your art has been made with love for your cousin ! The style is bright and catchy, I really like how the letters are written, it looks like a real card that I would like to buy for my own cousin ! ^^ I also really like the design of the character, the skeleton shirt and pants (with the little heart to add a cute detail) fit him very well, and I like his expression ! The colours are also vibrant, it is not so detailed but that's good it's not too much ! I hope my critique is understandable (I'm french and my english is not so perfect ^^) Keep up the good work !|
This is greatly drawn. An amazing source of shading, athough the lineart could be darker. The fur seems to pop out with the shading and is a very great. Love the way you make headshots. Your work seems to be based off Erin Hunter 's book series hmm? Well, I myself love those books and hope to see more from you in the future. Well, my critique is too short to submit right now so I guess I will just talk. Love your style. What do you use to draw with? (Ex. Gimp, paint, etc.) Keep up The Great work!!|
Where do i start? First of all this is an extremely unique idea that is showed off in the picture with the cutest of characters :3 The colors are few but in this case it makes it all the better! Showing the color palette was an excellent idea and while the characters are prominent in the foreground I still think a little something extra should have been done with the background *Idk I'm just big on backgrounds and interesting subjects in the backgrounds -_-* So that's just about it and I LOVE this idea all together so chao for now!|
The only issue I see with this is the posing of Shepard. Shepard looks like she is, standing?, in Garrus' arms. She appears far too ridged for her condition and position. It appears she is severely injured, and should be more of a rag doll at that point. Some suggestions: *Shepard needs to be slumping in his arms, legs dangling freely, her body more folding at the waist. *Depending on if she is supposed to be conscious, you might want to rest her head on his shoulder, or hanging back. *Depending on if she is supposed to be conscious, you might want to dangle her right arm or have her holding Garrus higher around his upper armor with both hands locked.|
Stunning colors in this one! I love the cosmos looking fade around the whole thing. That was a really nice touch and A+ on originality because I don't think that I have seen that done before! You can really get lost in this picture, the beauty of it simply speaks for itself! The girl in the middle is so emotive, it is really perfect. It is almost as if you can hear her screaming. The cracked desert floor in the background was a nice touch. This is yet another piece that I have nothing negative to say about because it looks amazing to me as is.|
Overall it is a nice painting and it something I expect to see it hanging in restaurant and hotel. Obvious you like the painting to be colorful, and but it is little bit to much for my taste. Use more broken color as contrast to the pure colour, and that will make it more balance. Same with value, need more darkness to bring out the light of the street and houses. Water does not feel like water. I must say the rhythmical mark is very compelling and composition work very well. Good done, love to see more of your work.|
I have to say that this is very clever! Excellent use of this pun. xD I like the lettering- it is what drew me to this piece originally! It is bright and bold and has character, so great job on the lettering! I especially like the hook in the middle. Lol! I also like the character with his ears and tail. The shirt and socks are really neat too! I would love to own a pair myself! Lololol I think it is really creative. The only thing I could say is that your coloring was nice and bridge up top but then sort became bland on the bottom. I usually like pictures with bright colors and I know other people do too. However, if you were looking for the style of dull colors then don't mind me! You did a nice job on the entire picture nonetheless! Keep up the good work!|
I enjoyed this story a lot. I look forward to reading the following chapters. It’s a very interesting world that you have created with a fascinating outlook on magic. I’m intrigued with what a ‘gairon’ is! I have a few pieces of advice on punctuation. I liked your interesting use of veritable. Hyphenating was needed throughout: north-east, magic-using, well-built, fully-fledged and red-setting. ‘He was in the usual long flowing sapphire blue robes of the teachers and with his small glasses was securely placed on his long thin nose.’ The ‘was’ should be ‘were’. Both ‘and’ and ‘with’ are conjunctions, and as such cannot be side-by-side. Either remove ‘with’ or remove the ‘and’ and also the ‘were’. Kids is very formal to use outside of someone speaking. ‘and the moment they were seated, the teacher.’ From ‘the’ to ‘seated’ is a subordinate clause, which means that it needs to be enclosed from the main clause on either side with commas. ‘ "We will pick up where we left last time, with the history of the great magical calamity" said the teacher’. The last speech mark should always have a comma, full stop, exclamation mark or punctuation mark situated before it. In this case, a comma would be used. This happens every time with the speech marks in this piece, so I won’t list them all as they’re the same mistake. ‘and a heavily build kid in a grey tunic with the moon crest of house Lierar, stood up.’ From ‘a heavily’ to ‘Lierer’ is a subordinate clause, so again it requires a clause either side. Further, ‘heavily-built’ and ‘House Lierar’. ‘However a magical explosion’ requires a comma is required after ‘However’ because it is a subordinate clause. and Linar who sat next to him raised her hand. "Yes Linar Valiere?" Another subordinate clause, so it requires commas either side. Comma after ‘yes’ ‘great Calamity’. Inconsistent use of majuscules for ‘the great calamity’. I suggest that you make it ‘the Great Calamity’ because it’s a significant event in time ‘The dragons were not there due to their belief that it would go wrong from the start and according to history they based this belief upon an old line from the old gods' book of faith.’ This is such a long sentence that it’s unrealistic for speech. I would remove the ‘and’ and replace it with a full stop. ‘and a young boy stood up, but not a human boy.’ From the following paragraph, the ‘fishy’, the webbing, the being an amphibian, it’s clear that Sirus isn’t human. So remove this. Also remove the later ‘affinity with water’, because this too is clear. As ‘fishy’ is a colloquialism, quotation marks are needed around it. Further, ‘as’ onwards is a subordinate clause, so place a comma before it. So: ‘or ‘fishy’, as they were sometimes called.’ ‘His head was bald, with large round ears, no eyes, two thin nostrils and the large mouth with small teeth. This bit is not needed. The fact that laxurons are nicknamed ‘fishy’, that they have webbing and that in the next paragraph you say they ‘are amphibians’, it is most clear that they have an affinity for water. Your description of laxurons is telling rather than showing. Have Sirus do something and describe him through that. For example: ‘Getting steady, the scaly created ran his long fingers across his smooth, bald head, the journey bumpy with the webbing.’ Also about the sound waves to see. The initial explanation about sound waves applies to everything, when the sentence makes it seem like it is about laxurons only, which is not the case. Sirus and made a short bow towards Change to ‘said Sirus, making a short bow’ or ‘said Sirus, who made a short bow’. ‘ "Could not have said it better myself, Sirus, and the corruption is exactly the reason why we simply don't throw you out into magic training, because if you don't limit yourself, you can find your life over before you know it.” ‘ Again, a very long sentence. Put a full-stop after ‘Sirus’ to break the sentence into two, nice haves. ‘ ”but some good things also happened, now who can tell me those?" ’ Put a full-stop after ‘happened’ and put a comma after ‘now’ ‘said Carla. "Very good" said the teacher’ has two different speakers in the same paragraph. This should never happen. ‘With the new power we were able to replace the weak priest rule of before and organize a new government which could deal with the now harsher cold and lead this country to a new future. I am myself and you boys and girls' direct descendants of these mages´ and it will someday be your duty to lead this country" told the teacher proudly.’ The beginning is clunky, so change to: ‘I am, and you boys and girls are, direct…’ Put a comma after ‘power’. Remove both apostrophes of possession. The girls don’t own the direct descendants of the mages, and the mages own nothing in this syntax. Put a full-stop after ‘mages’. ‘He had gentle blue eyes and a friendly smile and a slightly inward curving nose.’ First ‘and’ should be replaced with a comma. ‘Our shadow is our soul given shape, without our shadows, the body is emotionless towards anything but its old soul for who it has a burning hate.’ The first comma should either be replaced with a full-stop, or a coordinating conjunction (e.g. ‘and’) should be put after the comma. Add comma before ‘for’. ‘ "Now that was all for today, next lesson is tomorrow, same time and we will be starting on the beasts of the wilds." ’ Replace the comma with a full-stop and add ‘Our’ before ‘next’. ‘Everyone immediately stood up and waited for our teacher to leave, before they swarmed out of the school building out into the streets of the upper city. "Hey, wont you come play hide and seek with us?" asked Carla, Derad while he was walking towards the main street.’ Surely ‘our teacher’ should be ‘their teacher’? Remove comma preceding ‘before’. Put apostrophe of omission in ‘won’t’. Remove ‘Derad while he…’ as the reader finds out in the following paragraph the question is directed at Derad. ‘Derad turned his head around and with a smile yelled back. "Not today, my mother is waiting for me at the academy; we are going to visit a family friend." ‘ Change the full-stop after ‘back’ to a comma and change the comma after ‘today’ into a full-stop. ‘ "Okay see you tomorrow then" yelled Carla’ Requires a comma before ‘then’. ‘Derad envied them a bit, the friend they were going to visit was kind enough, but he was always so focused on his work, always talking about it with words Derad could not understand. But he had said in the letter that he had a surprise if Derad and his mother came by one of the following days, so Derad thought it perhaps would not be so boring this time.’ Three options with the comma after ‘bit’. One: change to full-stop. Two: change to ‘ : ‘. Three: remove and replace with ‘as’. The ‘he’ makes it look like it refers to the person Carla and Sirus are going to see. As the ‘he’ doesn’t clearly demark that it refers to a different person, it makes it seem like the ‘he’ in the second sentence is the same person. That can’t possibly be so, because that would mean that the person Carla and Sirus were going to see was the same person that Derad and his mother were going to see. ‘his shoes echoing on the clean bricks and the brick houses on either side quickly passed by.’ If you have a present participle for ‘echoing’, then the other verb in this section also needs to be a present participle: ‘passing’. ‘old enough to enter the magic academy and once he completed that he would have a gun of his own and be a fully fledged mage.’ The end is a bit clunky, so have perhaps ‘old enough to enter the magic academy and, once he completed that, he would be a fully-fledged mage and have his own gun.’ ‘Just then the academy came into view’: the ‘then’ needs a comma after it. ‘He had off course seen it before’. To write ‘off course’ is to say that something is not on course, so this needs to be ‘of course’. ‘threw myself in her arms.’ The ‘myself’ should be ‘himself. ‘Derad answered with a smile "We talked about…” ’ Before speech begins again, there needs to be some form of punctuation. In this case, a full-stop. ‘ "Let us go see what Arorg Valiere wanted to show us, he sounded very excited in his letter" his mother said with a smile, when Derad finished talking about his day at school.’ Replace the comma after ‘us’ with a full-stop. End of sentence is clunky, so ‘with a smile after Derad had finished. ‘all of times… countries fate’. Remove S from ‘times’. If it is the fate of one country, then ‘country’s fate’; if the fate of more than one country, then ‘countries’ fate’. ‘Suddenly and without warning a powerful shockwave smashed the roof of the tower and swept Derad and his mother of their feet.’ Suddenly and without warning are synonyms, so you shouldn’t use both. Once ‘without warning’ is gone, put a comma after ‘Suddenly’. The second ‘of’ needs to be ‘off’. ‘a massive gleaming blue column of energy had smashed through the roof of the tower and was now converging together in a single point above the tower.’ One column crashed through the roof, and it, the same singular column, was ‘converging together in a single point’? This needs modification to get rid of the quantity confusion. ‘"Do not move, my darling, it will be alright" she said in heaving breaths, even as a strange buzzing grew louder and louder, until it seemed to fill Derad´s entire head. He closed his eyes and lay perfectly still, trying to block out the buzzing and the screams he could now also hear.’ Full-stop, not comma, after ‘darling’. It’s obvious that he could also hear the screams because the screams have only just been mentioned. Remove. ‘everything became quiet, not even his mother's ragged breathing.’ Two options. Change the comma into either a full-stop or a colon. ‘It was black and burned somewhere the bones were even visible where the flesh had been seared of.’ The ‘of’ should be ‘off’. The use of ‘somewhere’ is very confusing, so replace it with a colon. ‘But the only thing he saw was that her body no longer cast a shadow, the soul had moved on. Derad froze in horror noticing nothing else and then he just…fainted.’ Change the comma after ‘shadow’ into a full-stop or a comma. Insert full-stop after ‘horror’. Insert comma after ‘else’.|
I felt attracted at first sight mainly because of the vibrant colours, and then I realized that it was my astrological sign ! ? So, the global vision is really stunning, the colours are really well-chosen and all the water effects add more brightness to the picture ! For the originality, it is good but it is still quite "traditional", so this image didn't really impress me for the originality, but for its other aspects. The technique is really well mastered as far as I can see (since I'm not good at photomontages), everything is smooth and well blended. The choice of the writing is also very good, and again the colours are perfectly chosen. For the final impact, I'll just summarize : Vibrant colours, really smooth and catchy, well chosen pictures and effects too ! One of the best photomontages I've seen so far ! (I hope my critique is understandable, I'm French ^^)|
Hi there^^ First off let me tell you that the color combinations you have used here is great! i especially like the green and the purple skin patches>< If i were you..i would make the face a bit bigger? just to make the whole body in proportion^^ Seems like alot of the weight is on the feet Other than that..i like the white outline you have used around the character! <it's good that the character doesn't blend in with the back> The stylish and unique clothes are eye catching too but since he's a zombie character...maybe the clothes can get a bit shabbier too! Overall this is a work well done^^keep it up|
Wow. Let me just first say that this is an impressive piece of art. And it really gets the point across... At least I believe I get the point, so please correct me if I'm wrong. Let me start with the girl. The girl's deadpan, dead looking face is perfect for this picture. It displays perfectly the way spending too much time on the computer can leech all the true emotion out of your life. I would know. I'm a bit of an addict as well. Second, the fact that the girl is completely gray, indicating the loss of color in her life. Wonderfully done. The computer itself is really self explanatory, and the demon behind it, well, I love it. It's beautifully crafted, and it perfectly depicts not only that every action has a similar yet opposite reaction (In this case, the computer metaphorically sucked out her life and turned it into a demon, and also like Deviantart says when you click on a link to another site, 'out there, there be demons). Overall, a perfect depiction of the unfortunately average young person today. Stuck on their computer and unable, and unwilling to get off to be involved in the real world. It's a dark message, but one that needs to be sent.|
Heeyy katamaris4ever , hope this critique finds you well. I love this poem. As a coffee-addict myself, and a Colombian, I know exactly what this is about. And the thing is, even if I didn't know about coffee, you've still constructed a piece meaningful enough to speak to my heart. Coffee's an excellent metaphor. As you've said, it's bitter, it's strong, bold, earthy. By the way, I love "It's time to be grounded," that was a great two-fold line There's a lot to work with regarding coffee and caffeine, and I think you used all the right themes and descriptions. You weren't overly emotional, you didn't burden the poem with sentimentality, but your heart came through. All your ideas were well arranged, the pacing was nice, not too slow and not rushed. I really like the subtle hints you give, particularly about addiction. That line, "indulging too much in the adrenaline of lies," is really wonderful. I would have liked for you to have been a bit more adventurous with word choice, and perhaps your metaphors. Just to make it really hit that note- just a suggestion, maybe you could have mentioned coffee's acidity, or the fact that it can go rancid, and use a word or some words that would speak to that discomfort, just to give it a darker, more visceral tone overall. I think it would lend to your comparing the coffee to your attitude and emotions. There really are some gems in here, for example, "whiten life" is a great accoutrement to the image of adding cream to coffee. "Puddle of muddled liquid" sounds fantastic and also lends great imagery. The last stanza is fabulous, it's a strong end. It almost feels like I've finished a good cup of black coffee and am drinking up those strong bitter (sweet if I've added sugar) dregs. That's exactly what the ending was like, and it was a wonderful thing to read. The poem was descriptive as well as prescriptive, and I love that. I think this shows how talented you are, and how profound you are, and you know, it can be read light-heartedly or darkly, and that's a difficult balance to achieve. You did it. Great job! I'd love to see this get a DD|
Wow! This is just too cuteeeeeeeeee!! I love it so much this is really good i swear it is amazing,greatt job! Keep it up with the good work, you should totally make more of these things. How do you make them? PhotoShop? Probably. Anyway this is something to add to favorites, isn't it? I definitely think so and this should go VIRAL!!! Seriously, I'm not kidding. Every single word I typed in is a word of truth i'm really not kidding...... make more of these please they are great (if you did make more let me know please ) hehehe.. continue please|
Now, let me preface this with the reality that I'm biased in favor of this image. I think the hair is fantastically done and really shapes the impact of the image from its dynamic shape to it's powerful glow. The way the outline of the hat and ribbon really cut into the glow is extremely strong as well. In all, I like the concept and the execution. As my eyes travel down the image into the darker parts I find myself losing the original power of the image due to the color and method in which the underglow was executed. I feel like some more contrast could have been used to maintain the strength of the image without detracting from it. Another option may have been utilizing core shading techniques. The last thing I'd like to suggest is cleaning up the glow a bit. This could have been done by either smoothing it with more airbrushing or adjusting the angle of the stroke to better complement the flow of the image. Once again, I'm very fond of this image. Good job.|
may be its stupid to give you 5 in all but i think you did a really great job I'm not the best when it comes to art or judging art but this is really well made in my mind i know painting is difficult so i think you did a great job i really like the street lamps and the castle is amazing keep up the good work. also fall is my favorite season i really enjoy how you make the leaves. may i ask how long it took you to make this? and i guess for the impact this painting made me feel inspired to do more art|
This is absolutely stunning, one of your best pieces yet. The eyes are stunning, and the mane styling is perfect. The background and scarf complement Luna's color scheme wonderfully, and the natural colors and lighting heighten the vividness and realism of the piece and create a warm atmosphere. You chose a unique way to represent Luna by using these tones and lighting and you did it well. The scarf complements her nicely, and doesn't blend in with the background, because even though the hues of the scarf closely match those of the wall and table behind her, the values of the scarf contrast those of the background much more than the values of Luna do. I love the subtle bits of lighting, such as the reflection of the scarf on Luna's neck and jaw. The only things I can see that could be improved on that haven't been mentioned in the description are the wings and the scarf. The detailing of the wings look a bit too plain, and lack texture and depth. The smaller feathers, known as downy feathers should stick out from the base of the wings, and have a very soft, fluffy, and frayed appearance to them. Normally, I wouldn't ask an artist to go to that much trouble, because giving wings a realistic appearance is difficult, but given the realism and craftsmanship this piece already has, I'd love to see that. The scarf looks nice, but the folds seem to be either very small and subtle, or in terms of the more prominent folds, too sharp, and don't seem to use up that much cloth. I would suggest trying to give them more depth next time to give the fabric a more relaxed look to it, instead of how it looks now, seeming less affected by gravity than it should be. This is an amazing piece, and deserves every bit of attention and praise it gets, and more. My rating is high and may seem biased, but the whole reason I gave this a critique is because it grabbed my attention enough to engage me in the piece, which is what led to me examining the details enough to critique it.|
Just...yes. This relates to me in many ways. The title and the expressions on the wolves' face. (Sorry if I have bad grammar. xP) Amazing art! I Love the anatomy and how the shading and lighting is done. I am going to give this a 4/4 er 5/5. Venting, in my opinion, is my only way to escape life's stresses, escaping from your own worries and everything else. Keep up the good work! Like I said, I am kind of in a problem just like this and I insist that anyone can note me about their problems if drawing just becomes too Plain for you all of the sudden. (Happens to me a lot..) *Gives a bear hug* x3|
This is an interesting piece. I didn't really notice any grammatical errors and the story is delivered in a manner that is easy to read. It also hooks the reader. I find that I am disappointed as I reach the end, mostly because I want to know what's going to happen next. I look forward to the next installment. You do very well with keeping the phrasing simple. You don't inject cumbersome or complex words into the story unless they serve a purpose and when they do serve a purpose, there is enough in the piece to help even people who don't understand the material to be able to follow it and get an idea of what the unusual word or phrase would most likely mean. Originality gets my highest rating here because you don't often see stories about Mad Scientists operating out of a college. Usually they're inexplicably wealthy and have a fortress sitting upon a mountaintop or a laboratory network buried under the desert because of... Reasons... It's kind of funny to imagine a modern Doctor Frankenstein to have to contend with the bar scene for his henchman's attention.|
amazing! you did a really good job. the coloring and whole drawing itself looks great!^^ but there is something about the hand closer to face that's looks a little off, though its only a minor detail. other than that it looks fantastic, I especially like the coloring, its probably my favorite part about the whole thing. the colors you used in the drawing match well together. the bubbles look so pretty as well as the clock. I also like the pose/ position you drew the girl in. her facial expression is also nice. anyway, nice job! I cant wait to see your next drawing!|
Your palette is vibrant and exceptionally spaced. The variations in color provide depth to the shadows, (as opposed to lighter and darker shades of the same color). Many artists miss this life giving quailty in their artwork. I commend you for your attention to this detail. Perhaps there could be closer objects in the foreground - a sailing boat or rocks in the water. This would provide interruption in the river reflection and add more for the eye to survey. So far this piece is focused in the midground. Giving closer details will increase the sense depth and maintain the viewer's attention. Your work is beautiful. I hope to see more of it soon. - a-portrait-in-time|
This work is awesome. It blew my mind when I first looked at it. It really shows the awe of the heavens. I've never seen anything like it. It reminds me of how close we are to the vastness of the universe around us. The night has a certain softness and familiarity to it, almost like it was once my home. The Earth; all the planets, seem so close yet far away. It pairs both comfort and awe, closeness and desolateness, cold and warmth; it's a wide range of emotions all at once. Like I said, it really blew my mind.|
woww dude I really love yoru style :0 The sharp edges of the colours/lighting/shading is well done, like the fire for instance, they edges ar sharp, but the fire still flows (not sure how to describe it). the use of colours is done well most of the time - there is good contrast, which makes the image pop out well and the shading/lighting colours go well with together and make the drawing feel like a whole. the coloured lineart adds to it. however, not all the colours contrast well with each other - the white on the chest/tummy/tail and the light blue lighting kinda just merge together. at first I didn't notice there were 2 colours in the white sections. another thing that could use some more contrast is the foreground vs background, as now the foreground kinda melts into the background. this is especially noticeable in the lineless tail-flame. I think the best way to resolve this is to make the background a little less saturated, so it pulls less attention. an other contrast issue that I can see are the claws on the belly - the colours for the claws and the lineart are too much alike the belly. maybe make the lineart for the claws a little darker/bluer, or add more of the dark blue shading on the claws to make them pop out more. finally, I find it an interesting effect to see a slight gradient in the lighting/shading on the horns, however, I don't see this gradient style anywhere else in the image, which makes it seem a little misplaced. I'd definitely keep this style as it looks really nice, just needs to be more in the rest of the image to really keep the style the same everywhere. all in all a really awesome artwork and very recognizable style! I could name more things I like about this (like the composition), but I will not waste your time any longer. I hope this critique was helpful ^^|
Well, I say this is absolutely freaging awesome, fantastic work, this is truly, visually awesome! Your level of detail is truly superb on the enviroment, its very beautiful and stunning, this is definitely something I could imagine as a real situation. from the fire on the cliffs, to the really cool gloves to the barely visable ship ahead, they are really cool little details added. and then this entire view, its like your actually looking from a shipe right on your computer. and the fingers (which are very important, because they are sooo close) are done very well, with the curves of the knuckles inside the glove, superb. fantastic work! I love this piece! may you inspire on!|
Friggin awesome. That's it. I love the way you kind of mixed up a spider with a rat, birds and a moth/butterfly. The splashes, swirls and splatters of paint also kind of give a feeling of chaos. Since that's really all I have to say, I'm just gonna put a whole bunch of emojis.|
This is very amazing!! just the anatomy is just omg PERFECT!!! just one teeny tiny thing ;w; the back left leg is a bit short? the knee should be pointing towards you and the foot sheet be also pointing at you just a little farther back and more flat on the ground. The paws are just flawless just the nails don't look like you were having trouble at all!! The facial expression is just how a lion should look, everywhere from the arch on the nose to the fluff on the chin!!! The back has just the perfect arch! The tail also is just omg perfect!!|
I love the poetry in that picture. The model seems to be dreaming as she watched the little lightsfalling down. Contrast between green trees and the light of the body is perfect. Only chest and neck are enlightened, and the girl seems she wants to take a fly to reach the source of the light. Perfect angle of the head watching the sky. Frame is ok upon the knees to leave space at the top of the pic. reflections of the lights on the curves of the body are the climax of the photo that leads this pretty girl into a world of dream.|
This is one of the most wonderful work of art right here, this is the most beautiful thing I ever seen, it's like watching sex for the very first time. I can't stop looking at it, it is that good of a art, I want to make baby's with that picture! I want to learn how to make draw like that! teach me your skills of this amazing work of art I want to learn it damn it! DX DX DX this art really impact me to do art and to do me ewe ewe ewe ewe ewe ewe XD|
What I feel needs to be addressed is the stance Archer in this picture. It's best if your view can have only a piece of the picture and can still tell a lot of what's going on. If I were only given Archer I'd be a tad confused as for whether he's frightened, amazed, surprised. The back ground helps, and he doesn't have a face so I understand facial expressions aren't at your disposal. There for you must use his stance. If you were going for frightened then perhaps raise the arms more as if to guard himself and have the torso tilted backwards to show he's trying to get away from it. If you're going for aggressive, the perhaps a hunch in the back and his tendrils flaring up as if to attack. Basically what I'm saying over all is every one part of your drawing should be able to stand alone but work together with all the other elements as one piece I hope I was at least SOME help good luck on your next piece.|
Okay, critiquing time! *rubs hands together* First off, I have to say I really like this piece. Personally I love dark pictures with dark meanings behind them, and this one hits the spot. One thing I could recommend with just the picture itself, not the detailing and stuff is to take the watermark off of it :/ It really kinda ruins the picture, but that's my opinion. Secondly (onto the actual critique!!) I have to say I really like Elsa's expression, and it really shows her struggle with her powers. Her pose is somewhat unoriginal, but I can tell you tried hard ^^ Her dress and the hair blowing in the wind... I think you did a good job with the dress, but her hair could use a bit more 'blowing-in-the-wind' if you know what I mean And looking down the scale of her body, I notice that her feet look kind of odd :/ Maybe it's just me, but they look really weird....idk. Another thing I wanted to mention before is that when someone is in snow, you don't just stand on top of it like some kind of alien! The pressure of the body makes it so that when you take a step, your feet go into the snow! And with her position, she would definitely be doing that. Other than that, I really like it :3 And I agree with Reid, I think she should be a bit more up to blend in with the dark blue background a tad. I gave you three stars on originality because I've seen just way too much Frozen fanart it ain't even funny|
Like it a lot. There are areas were the drawing generates confusion. The problem with the tutu in front of the mouth. I think maybe the tutu should have been maybe more white to separate itself from the face...or is it the nose that is too close to the background color ? Not sure. One distracting element is right in the center. The upper leg...I think the curve from the knee to the ankle/foot is too round. It should represent the line of the femur and be more straight, instead of going slightly outward. I think you have a good result overall. Nice work|
The looks of it is splendid! Quite original, with such an easy look on the eyes. Everything from the planets positioning to the glow of fireflies on the lake make for a masterpiece. I give you a lot of credit on the details you've incorporated in everything: from the lily pads to the mountains in an extraordinary way. The feelings you get out of simply glancing at the piece makes you shudder: awestruck. It has that science fiction feel, a bit like Doctor Who or The Chronicles of Narnia, but with a twist of the magical fantasy feel. The castles' design has a sort of classic yet futuristic look to it, and I can compliment you a hundred times over on that. Over all, this is a piece worthy of even the best books' covers!|
wow, i love this, the colors are so nice, well put together. you can tell that u didnt just start this a second ago, lots of practice you have done, the detail is so realistic, its like looking out the window and seeing it out there right now. one word for this entire picture is AMAZING wow, lots of words just to put in this lil box, sorry i couldnt think of more to say about your amazing picture that i wish i could draw as well as this, pls check and fav my poetry and drawings thank you xo|
I wanted to say that your first time drawing digital art is absolutely beautiful! I love the way Sci-Fi came out in this piece. The shading on Sci-Fi is just amazing. I love the way you had shaded his hair according to where the light in the background is hitting. You are such an amazing artist and I know that when you will draw digital art, it will come out phenomenal. And I was right about my prediction and hypothesis. I am so very proud of you and your dad is such an amazing person to have taught you this form of art. Beautiful work dear.|
Gorgeous artwork. It truly captures what the title of this piece is called. I am truly able to visualize the text you have given us to read in this artworks description box. The colors you used in the artwork works well together. I love how it also is able to make remember certain feelings that I've felt before just by looking at it. You can really feel empathy. It just makes me want to cry inside me. It's so DEEP. Thank you for letting me have a moment to be inspired by your artwork. I look forward to your artwork in the future. Keep at it|
Its cute in all but needs more emotion. Which I have seen, others do a better job. You have captured the eyes very well. Great Job with the shading and the lighting effects. You could have used more greenish ton to the image. The brown just doesn't really work with the personality of this pony. The eyes could have been more worked upon to show more cuteness of Fluttershy. You could have used more inspiration from the "Natures". But overall its pretty good and a decent image of her but not the first Fluttershy Portrait thats been done. "Yay" "Ok Cuteness"|
These OCs have so much significance to them, to the point where you can be unsure of who is right and who is wrong. The Dark and Light angels have more than interesting, vibrant, beautifully abstract backgrounds. Traits of each angel has been swapped from their common stereotypes. That was a nice touch. The red eyes of the Light angel and dark nails add character, but what can work is a few scars on each, but the scars should different for each. What could also work here as well is if you added faded text supporting the breakage of the stereotypes between good and evil.|
In my short knowledge I see in this photo, two extremes, two views in essence interesting ... why? both are family ... or at least it seems, but the interesting thing is that I see a past and a future as well as yesterday and now complementing themselves permanently in a single image, in silence, approaching and departing at the same time your own message ... the background is well calculated, own axis like the message of this picture is unconsciously the same tree...besides the fact that the expression on their faces is really like ... this strengthens self-image and homogenized... complexity behind the simplicity.|
First thing i must tell you about how much i really like this artfan. You have an incredible talent to touch specific details ( sorry if my English is a little weird its not my mother tongue ) i have to say that your Undertaker's looking is very awesome ^^ I really like your idea to change his outfit ^^ like our true legendary angel of death ^^ it suits him very well I like also how you manage to keep his attitude, creepy, funny and totaly crazy. I also say that i like how you touch his apparence, Young but with a old soul. You have got my attention on it ^^ His glare of his eye exprime that very carefully. I also really like the mouvement of his outfit and hair its soo magical your style of painting is really great. You know, i know a lot of flower because i was a flowers sellers ( sorry i dont remember how spell it ) the White lily are my favorite flower. You draw it very carefully, you put the light and shade on a really good place. These flowers are really nicely done. They look so real Now his death scyte, the skeleton is very nicely done, i really like your choice of colors, and its the same of the size. The only detail i must say negative a little its about the blade. event for me ( and i must say that i dont have your skill level ) is something hard to paint. your light work is very fine but maybe a little too much glowing and not enough shadow in some, all your piece is a real enchantement for the eye and i want to see more of him on your style, Your Undertaker is very gorgeous and i'm totally fall in love|
it gave me alot of feels, because it reminds me of previous generations, and the backround picture is very lovely (the picture of firefly) and rainbow dash is great also!, you must have put ALOT of work into this, and laurens face is adorable and especially the paint on her from RD, and the touching look on the blonde ponies face (i forgot her name DX), you did a great job on this and the cutiemarks are flawless and the bob in the blonde ponies mane is nice also, and also the shadeing is perfect for the moment c:. huehue|
Excellent photo, nice framing of the ferret's face amidst the dark green of the leaves. It is good that he is looking directly at the lens, so directly at the viewer of the finished image. The level of the detail in the fur and in the plants as well makes it a very compelling image. And of course having an adorable subject to focus on doesn't Hirt, either! It is great we get to see many of the whiskers, too, especially as I know they are always in motion, especially when when a ferret is in a different than usual environment! Great job!|
The lines and originality are beyond exquisite, the asymmetry couldn't fit more perfectly with the style of this castle, each vibrant color radiating the night as if there were fireworks, although if the designer created a blur for such vibrant colors it would make each and every hue more visible along with beauty. The balloons and the 30 are the most beautiful parts of this flabbergasting set of Disney impression. What I do like to be added other than a blur is a few Disney characters there. but overall, this is well done! Thank you so much for sharing this masterpiece.|
Okay, so let me begin by saying this piece is truly awesome The face is spot on, but I think the body should be arched a little more and the hind legs facing slightly more forward, but other then that great anatomy too! Vision: It looks very good, though I think maybe some shading is needed on the cat to make it pop out more, and also since you put a shadow in. But it's really great! Maybe an eye-shine too, to make it look more alive? ;w; Originality: Okay, well I've definitely seen stuff like this before, but that's not a bad thing! I'm not very original, so it's fine <3 Technique: It looks like you have a great technique to make it look this good ;O; all I suggest is maybe sketching out the anatomy. If you already are, then study an image like this picture (Not like I could do better X'DDD) Impact: This is just fabulous. The name and the background work great together, and I bet that's what you were aiming for. Sorry if I was tough. This was my first evah critique XDDDDD so I hope I wasn't too tough on ya <3 ;w;|
This really caught my eyes when I was scrolling down the page. I really love how the highlights and shadows in the photo is contrasting, making large impact. Also, the mysterious expression and the bright eyes of the model. Not sure what the purpose of the photo is for or the meaning that it has, however, the camera technique and that bird's eyes view used is enough to catch the eyes of the audience. However, if you want to increase the impact, I suggest emphasizing the eyes more (whether brightening or have so sort of contrasting color at the model, etc) Great job and I really love it!|
Ok so let me start off with, I'm a HUGE soarindash fan. I just think they go perfect together. I mean there both really cool and are perfect for each other. But on too your art. I really love how you made Soarin's hair, I mean it has that cool wolverine style, and I appreciate that because I'm a HUGE X-men fan. Also I loved how you personalized their water bottles, you obviously pay a great amount too detail. I also love your other pieces you put so much time and effort in them that I find hard not to love, I mean you draw amazing stuff. So that's all I have too say about your piece here so ta-ta, and don't let anyone disrespect you or your art.|
Firstly I would like to say that poetry is not my speciality but I just had to share my views. I don't know what is wrong or right reguards to technique or 'the right way' so if anything I say is wrong I apologise. I remember once reading that art is something that comforts the disturbed or disturbs the comfortable. The words you have chosen to use are very powerful and pull at the heart strings. I am a victim of abuse, from mild bullying to more serve forms, it's all abuse. It's art like this that helps people understand and heal. There was a time that I would never have been able to admit what happened but it's people like you, and art like this that is comforting. I've spoken to a lot of survivors and a lot of them try to deal through writing. I gave it 4 stars for Originality because even though I've read a lot on this subject matter, this one is a bit different as I feel like it can be applied to all forms off abuse and put downs. This means it becomes what ever the reader needs it to be, which I think is extremely important and what makes this piece art and not just another poem. Do I think you can approve? As I said I'm no expert, however due to the length and wording, I'm not sure if I have the 'flow' right. In future maybe you could develop clearer structures or patterns for readers to follow, but that is probaly just me. I would however love to hear it how you intented it to be. Maybe you could do a reading of some of your work as audio clips. I would love to hear them.|
Im looking for a bento box, it cant be pinku (thats japanese for pink) or any girl color. It has to be of 2 or more kotoba (thats japanese for 2 compartments) and has be be chibi (small) sized. And has to be really kawaii (cute). Also It has to be about 10-20 bux. And you have to post pics of it first (i want to make shure it's kawaii [cute]). And it would be nice if it came with matching chopstick holder (WITH chopsticks). OH! and it CANNOT have any cartoon pictures, or be made out of plastic. It has to be made of ceramic, or something like that. Also it would be nice if it was made in japan. and not in china or corea (korea) or whatever. I have found a bento box similar to the one im describing in e-bay, but it was 1 kotoba, and i dont want my gohan (rice) to touch my other things (it can get wet and i would not like that, plus 2 compartments looks more kawaii)|
The photo is not original, like usual photo of dragonfly, just siting on the grass. The main object in the angle of photo even not in one of the visual centers, also consumes a little place on photo. A lot of free space, which dose not have any meaning. Locks like the main object is than yellow flower but a dragonfly. The background is very colorful, because of this the transparent wings may not be visible for watcher. You should move camera a little bit down for show the horizon, and dragonfly will look more efficiently. Or you may close more aperture for reduce the depth of field and blur background. Anyway the macro photo should show the main object contrastly of the background, and it has to consume the most available space on the photo. Try the different ways and different points of view while you taking photo. For a little bit fix this photo you may crop it, and show only the dragonfly.|
Whoa. I thought it was a photo for a second! Ok, Anyways, the contrast between the light and the shadow is well shown that you can tell that there's a sunset and it's getting dark. However, there is a lack of details such as the sea, cloud, and the buildings in the background, except the man, who seems to be posing like he's about to dive?; it's hard to tell what main subject is doing or what the purpose is. Also, the post? the stand? is really..confusing. It interferes with the perspective and looks awkward. It just looks out of place, and I suggest the man being on something else other than the stand.The goods on the other hand, is the lights that's blended against the subject, emphasizing his existence and the sunset in the background. Overall, not bad, but the perspective is confusing. Good job and keep improving You can do it!|
Hello! Here's the time to say something about your picture as well! Let's see! I have to tell you that I'm in love with the photos like this! I still don't know how to take shots like this with my camera. The water is very soft and I like that there's some baby blue among the white. The way that the muss and some plants are visible in the foreground is great! I like it. But you also have more original pictures than it. For example I like this one :thumb466150807: more. But I can't say anything but that this current picture is also great and keep up the fantastic work. Thanks for joining!|
Once again you have amazed me with your brilliance. I never would've thought that such bizzare prompts would come together to create such a brilliant story. I especially was shocked and slightly pleased when the protagonist drew a handgun and murdered the priestess. Such a wonderful plot twist to such a dark and corrupt cult. The only thing I can say that I disliked was how short the story was. Were it longer, I would've been able to enjoy your brilliance for awhile longer. Indulge myself, in a way. In totality, I am quite pleased that such a simple prompt was used in such a brilliant story. Well done, ShackleSoul, well done.|
Spectacular! Really amazing piece of lines,Beautifully drawn OC.No mistakes,no crappy lines.The head,body,hands,everything looks perfect.Sad thing is that you did not add colors,but I guess its already good enough without colors.The picture itself has a mistake,you did not fit in all the drawing,but its forgettable.I recommend you to add colors with crayons or simple color pencil's.And I will be honest here,she is just standing there,I can admire the how good it looks,but still just standing there makes this drawing quite boring,but maybe I'm wrong.As I said,lines are amazing,character looks really good,but she is just standing there,and that makes it quite dull.Overall,its a really good piece of drawing,and I quite like it even without colors.|
I enjoyed finding out how this story progressed. ‘He wore the earnest look of concentration that Edgar had sometimes seen in toddlers who had just mastered the art of walking.’ Love this sentence! ‘ “There was no wall before the war, after all, and the castle was taken then.” ' In her last lot of speech, Xorie said that she didn’t know that there was a wall. How, then, could she know that the wall wasn’t built until after the war? I would suggest that ‘after all’ is changed to ‘I suppose’. ‘Edgar beckoned to young lad.’ Insert ‘a’ after ‘to’. ' “If this Lady Malcolm says anything to imply that I am not good enough,” said Xorie, “I shall be most upset.” ' This seems out of character for Xorie to be ‘most upset’. Also, she mentions in this chapter that she is doing a favour. Taking both of this is mind, I think ‘most offended’ would be more appropriate. ' ”She sounds ghastly” ' is brilliant. ‘Lady Malcolm was an imposing figure: tall and slim, and dressed in black from neck to feet and beyond, for her skirts dragged along the ground behind her. She was flanked on either side by two girls in simple dresses and aprons, and in the arms of one lay a squalling baby wrapped in a white shawl.’ Great description. Your description of place and character is lacking in most instances. All I know about Xorie, for example, is that she has a garment for her human torso made from leaves. It For main characters and main scenery (Victory Keep, for example), I would recommend that you add a lot more description throughout your chapters. ‘Lady Malcolm arched her eyebrows. “No?” ‘ Lady Malcolm is an imposing figure. A raised figure would be sufficient without speech. ‘ “Xorie and her child will live in fitting quarters during their stay.” ’ After’s Xorie’s protest, I’m sure that Lady Malcolm would appreciate it (hence the raised-eyebrow), and as such would not need to be reminded of it by Edgar. ' ”Indeed,” said Xorie, “you must not.” ' You have used ‘indeed’ throughout as Edgar’s thing, and then you used it once with Lady Malcolm, so to use it on Xorie does seem out of character. You have Xorie say ‘indeed’ later on as well, which could suggest that is just your fall-back word. ' “Are you in a position to be making demands?” said Lady Malcolm.’ Edgar has already seen to Xorie’s demands. By questioning Xorie’s demands, Lady Malcolm is questioning Edgar (the king’s advisor, and by proxy the king) who has already decided to meet those demands. I doubt that Lady Malcolm would do this. ‘The two women stared at each other, neither one speaking. The baby's cries echoed loudly around them.’ They are outside, not enclosed, so ‘echo’ may not be the right word. I would suggest ‘reverberated,’ because this sounds like echoes but it works by bouncing off things without the need for enclosure. ‘He borrowed a sword from the man at arms, and found himself hacking through thick stems and leaves like a fairytale knight trying to reach his princess. He then struggled with the large oak door, which had been shut for half a century, and whose iron handle was a little too high to be pulled upon comfortably. Before long his arms began to ache, so he fetched a strong garden labourer, and the door was soon open.’ Two modifications: ‘men-at-arms’ and ‘fairy tale’. Also, Edgar is old. As in my last critique, this fact is quite important. Would he really do all this physical labour if sitting down is a struggle? ‘Fipp yawned and stumbled occasionally, blinking and rubbing his eyes.’ Love this sentence. ‘The stable hands were delighted with the idea, and it pleased both king and queen when Edgar made the suggestion that evening.’ Edgar stated in Chapter 1 that he was on an important mission. This would have meant that the success of this mission, that Edgar did find a wet-nurse, would be discussed, and this be important enough to be written for the readers to observe. The fact that the wet-nurse is a centaur would also warrant conversation, if not mild curiosity. You have Edgar telling the king about the girl’s gift: wouldn’t discussing the girl’s wet-nurse, the person who keeps the girl alive (if she isn’t alive then she can’t have her gift) be more important? ‘Xorie, towering over the foal had to lie down to reach her.’ There is a subordinate clause in this, so it needs to be enclosed with a comma after ‘foal’.|
You did a really nice job on this sprite. You choose great colors for shading and did a fantastic job fusing the beads. Keep up the great work. The only reason you got a 2 for originality is because like most bead artists we take other people's pixel and bring them to the perler world. Overall great! Uhg 100 word min for a critque. I am curious hwo you will display this piece, wether it will be just on the wall or framed infront of a picture from the seires. Also doyou plan on make other ships from the show or just the 1000 Sunny?|
This picture shows excellent skill, and much of this is because of the use of shading. The darker outlines around the doves are smooth and clean defining them. The scroll is very well done and the way that you have drawn both the scroll and the cross, the texture is excellent. They look like real wood and paper,, as if one could reach into the picture and feel them. The use of shading around the cross, is like a halo of light and makes is stand out. The shading used truly makes the different elements of this picture pop. Everything is very vivid and very detailed. The details combine to make everything look so beautiful. I personally appreciate the verses you have written on the scroll it is all very good, everything in this image combines nicely together.|
First of all it looks great. You used the colors that were available to you in a great way that you can tell what it is. There are a few things you could do to make it better that are all detail oriented (the devil is always in the detail) that involve more colors,but for what you had on hand it is still an impressive piece. If you make this again, make sure to use darker colors for the front and lighter ones for the back, it'll give it that sense of perspective that while it is short the object that was made is pretty big. My only complaint is that I have no idea what is going on with the bottom left of the picture. I see some color separation there but can't make it out i it's suppose to be highlights or that you ran out of black beads and used dark grey (then again they could be dark brown and the computer is playing tricks on my eyes). If it is Dark brown you need to use the darker brown that is in the front and butt it up against it (light side goes towards the light side and the dark towards the back) so the person viewing it knows that it's part of the ship and not one giant shadow. My only questions are, was this a sprite or an image that got converted and are these Hamma beads? I look forward to what you make next.|
I think that the idea is original and the story has a good basis idea. However, there are several grammar mistakes, which are to be expected, but still need to be revised. There is some improvement needed; for example, some of it could do with rewording. Overall, though, you seem to understand the purpose of your writing, and the basic necessities of writing it. The setting is clear and the scene makes a picture in the mind of the reader. It shouldn't be difficult to alter this to make it greatly appealing. Mostly you just need rewording to make it more engaging and impactful, and grammar fixing to make it more clear.|
This truly captures the sort of raw emotion in people. When I first saw this picture I felt for these two. Many people can relate to this picture because it represents depression and hardship. Which still exists today, the tramp and the kid can be symbolic as a father and son, two brothers, or even two friends who share a bond. But if there's one thing this film has taught me, it's that no matter what life throws at you. In the end you still have someone who needs you and will be there for you...Always, this is true ART.|
First off I would like to say that the poses are very dynamic and you can feel the motion of them, as well as the direction to where the weight is being placed - good job on that! Overall, the anatomy isn't bad, though there are areas that could use a bit of improvement. The white unicorn's head is one area that stands out to be, since the cheek is much smaller than the mouth. Normally this could happen if the horse is lurching forward at you so the nose looks bigger due to the angle, but I don't think this is the case. The overall muzzle shape could use a bit of work as well, look at some horse photos to see what I mean. My final piece of critique is the position of the black unicorn's neck. The way he is hunched over like that, it looks as though he doesn't have a neck. Of course we know he does, but it looks a little "off" in the drawing. Perhaps you could take lighter lines to emphasize the neck area (highlights, perhaps), or reposition it to a different pose. I like the nice font you've chosen as well as the opposites at play here - light and dark, male and female, up and down. Each does a nice job of complimenting the other, and I'm sure Horse-Gurl enjoyed this gift.|
(( Every night in my sugoi dreams I see Pru-san, I feel Pru-san, That is how I know you go sugoi Far across the distance And nations between us Pru-san has come to show you go on Near, far, wherever Pru-san is I believe that the kokoro does go dokidoki Once more Pru-san opens the door And Pru-an is here in my kokoro And my kokoro will go dokidoki and dokidoki Love can touch us one kawaii time And last for a whole anime series And never let go till we're gone Love was when I loved Pru-san One sugoi time I hold to In my kawaiidesu life we'll always go on Near, far, wherever Pru-san is I believe that the kokoro does go on Once more Pru-san opens the door And Pru-san is here in my kokoro And my kokoro will go dokidoki and dokidoki Prusan here, there's nothing sugoi I fear, And I know that my kokoro will go on We'll stay kawaii this way You are safe in my kokoro And my kokoro will go dokidoki and dokidoki ))|
Wow, amazing I love the details the color the contrast. The cross looks amazing and the birds too. The scroll is awesome I know I have trouble with that. I like how you made the scroll look old with the little tears on that was a nice touch yo it.I love the gray background, I am guessing you used charcoal.I love how the white makes the glow it looks wonderful amazing. The cross looks like its real wood I cant do that. The writing on the scroll is a little off but its stupendous. Everything about this drawing I love nothing is wrong. Good job and keep up the good work.|
ive never wrote a critique before so here i go, This is very helpful for people who dont know how to ban people and need to know how, also this has pics that help people see and know where to go , People will finally be able to ban people who are bothering or bullying them on DA/ DeviantART and nice pic for the last panel, P.S., Thx for helping people know where to go or where to find and figure out how they can ban people also sorry if my critique is not like a critique im not that very good|
Altogether the piece has a great vibe coming from it. My only gripe that I can easily identify (you know, stuff that's not those odd little things that you can't put your finger on) is the lighting. The shadow work is fantastic, but all of the highlights on the characters are done in white. In a blank environment, this works fine. As a matter of fact, the WAY you added light was just fine. However, I would recommend changing the color of your lighting to have just a touch of color pulled from surrounding light sources. In this case, you would want to make your lighting on characters just barely yellow, seeing as the fireflies are the closest light source to the viewer that aren't a white light source. Other than that, this is a really fantastic piece.|
It's very funny! I want to use this joke when I'm playing! I think when the seal says "Exactly.", I think the shade should've been darker to seem more frighting. Still, it's awesome and very original. And I agree, I hate it when people ask for items that is not even on your trade list! GUYS, IF IT'S NOT ON TRADE THEN THEY DON'T WANT TO TRADE IT!! Gosh... You should make more art like this. And the art is awesome! More people need to see this it's awesome! If you want to be my buddy, I'm PuppyLover670. Good job!|
The artwork went pretty well - I like the way you use shadows (especially the hair light effects are done awesome). Besides that I like the detail that you add different profundities by making the hand of trip that seems to be close to the 'camera' blurry. The perspective you used causes the effect that I feel like the trio is standing in front of me. What I also like very much are the little details, f.e. Virus glasses are having actually glass in there. I also want to say that the logo is not destroying the picture. All in all a picture I really enjoy to look at.|
Last week I went to Bluckbuster to rent a Disney movie and the only one that caught my eye was Aladdin. Once I watched the movie at home like two or three times in a row, I then moved to the special features, and one of them was a version of the movie with different fun facts about Aladdin and its production appearing on the screen. Almost all of them were Robin related; how some of Genie's lines were unscripted, how Scott Weigner (Aladdin's voice) had to get out of the recording booth when he was making scenes with Robin because he couldn't stop laughing... That was the last Disney film I watched before his death. It's been almost three days, and I still cry when I think about Robin and the iconic moments we will always remember and be grateful for. This piece is so heart warming that just started crying. It's hard to believe that Robin Williams is gone. However, this drawing is the proof that we can live with the remaining pieces of magic that Robin Williams helped to create. We will never have a friend like him again.|
oh meh ged look at dat shading, and that tongue you added is so original i lev it you are defintley the best drawr ever and this deserves a Daily Deviantation ish lovely how awesome i love it yumy so s ososso ssos sos os sod sda sd as ds ad sa dsa d sa fad ad f sdg ads f sdf ad fdas f ds fad sf ads f dsf dsa f dsf ads fa dsf ds f ads fasd f sad f adsf ads f sd f dsf das f dasf ads f adsf ads f dsf ads f a anyways great job LELLLLLLLL|
It was a good attempt composition wise - except for cutting off part of the top of the skyscraper in the top right) but the execution of it is less than necessary for a good long exposure photograph, in other words it less than standard. First of all the aperture is set at 4.5, that is the smallest for the kit lens at the used focal length. You need to close it so that it is a higher f stop and get more in focus(the picture is extremely blurry in the background - I can't even tell what you focused on) Secondly about the ISO, if you're thinking about used a neutral density filter for a long exposure photograph you should try using iso 100 or 50 depending on how good your camera as there is less noise and will make the end photo more sellable. Third the exposure time is much too long for DSLR, if you go above a minute or two the camera itself will start adding noise(again making the end product less sellable) If you have to do a long exposure you can use an introvolmeter and 30 second exposure then stack the photos in photoshop using the lighten method, there will be no added noise then|
Brilliant, perfectly brilliant! Not only have you captured the essence of the character, Merida is there in each and every word, you have also created a situation the reader can believe in! THE DOLL! She would be livid over that doll! As I said earlier...Brilliant! The dialog is so spot on and true to form that I can hear her voice as I read! True she should at have had an action figure. You also perfectly conveyed Mikey's...anxiety. He is just the figurehead of the company and was really put between a rock and a hard place in this story. It only adds to the humor! Keep writing you have a real flare for what makes a great story teller!|
Well, I really like the idea. The first thing I'd say is that your pen strokes are really sketchy and uncertain. You might want to practice your inking skills. Work on making the ink lines smoother. Just get a sketchbook page and start doodling, trying to keep it from being sketchy. Also, your key doesn't really look very key-ish? My best advice here is to look up a lot of references. Personally, i love looking at pictures of keys. References is one of the best parts of drawing for me, lol. Again, I love the concept! The title is very eye-catching, and titles are a very important thing on Deviantart. Best of luck!|
I reaaaaallyy like this drawing! Sry for the EXTREMELY late reply! The coloring is soft, warm and compliments the friendship you wanted to enhance. This is honestly one of my favorite drawings so far. If I were to be a nitpickity douche, I would say some of the lines could be softer. They kind of stagger here and there (maybe due to slow hand movement) But I like how you went with thin lines and rather used colors to emphasize shadows, as some people tend to thicken the lines, but thin lines really expresses the warmness of your drawing. Thank you btw, for asking for a critique|
Ah, I just plain can't get enough Mega Man. Granted, although X1 was the first MM game I ever played, MM5 was the first I actually beat. Needless to say, I was ecstatic when he was announced for the next Smash Bros. Seeing as Meta Knight was originally my main man AND that he's probably getting nerfed in this next one, I'll be thrilled to see if MM's my type of fighter. Also, the amount of detail put into this picture is just...wow. I probably could've spent ten hours on this and...well, you get the point. If only this could've been in UDON's contest. Nevertheless, great job, and I look forward to the game itself.|
It's a very pretty flower and the purple is very eye catching. I love how you were able to capture the water droplets like that. However I do have to say that I wish the flower was a little more in focus. It looks like you added the bright fuchsia to compensate that the white in the center did not come out in focus. It's like saying here is the the part that is not in focus. By doing that you distract the viewers eyes away from the tiny little bug on the left hand side. Not only the bug but the water droplets around the flower. I recommend toning down that center purple and sharpening the droplets. When I mean tone down, I'm referring to saturation. That way it gives it more of a greyer tone without getting rid of the pretty color that was originally there. Keep up the good work!|
Karbo, you've certainly touched a soft spot for me. You see, I'm all about knowledge, and anything that remotely possess some inclination to the fact really gets my blood pumping. I'm love the whole ancient architectural type, weathered, fantasy structured, and a little bit of inspiration that delves on the vast imagination that you an I poses. I can certainly see why I like you so much, your art is truly inspiration... I care not what anybody else says. You see, the whole concept of the floating books gives they emphasis of arcane arts in there air, seemingly causing the books to levitate and move about. The fact that you're showing a myriad of books from many different shelves, and the one single book shoved back into it's slot as if hastily done, means somebody's going to get a headache if the bookshelf is struck the wrong way. The level of detail is so great, that it is both simplistic in nature, but not to overly done as to get totally overcome with too much detail, it's as if you took a screenshot from a place deep in my mind and tried to capture as close to what I picture great halls of an ancient library would be like. And you integrated it into your world. I mean you've got books in the bridges spanning each section... and you even have monkey... you've got to have monkeys. The dryad keeping a watchful eye on the human trespassers, while still reading her own book... multi-talented indeed. The wood work craftsman ship in your drawing is also spot on. The seamless integration of library and jungles is truly remarkable, and I would totally seem myself here... regardless of any lurking predators out there... I'd certainly try and befriend Crisis... so long as I can read all those books in that there library. Awesome job Karbo... awesome job.|
I love the idea here, clear and simple but you shouldve go with the differe ground type,the grass comming out of the holes are weirdly big and random. the bench is badly cutted at the legs which u cna clearly see but other then that the blending is really nice, the line to balloons are cuves when its holding a bench so it should be straight and the boys foot looks a little blurry, maybe crop the background because the main focal should take more space in the piece like this in my opinion also that splatted at the endges is really unneccesary|
One can immediately tell that loads of work went into this. The attention to detail is fantastic here. The premise is so simple, and the composition is so intricate. Anatomically, it's fantastic; all the facial features are consistent with the angle. His eyebrows stick out, and, combined with his angle and his smirk, give him a mischievous look. The hair is very detailed and looks as though it took forever. This piece doesn't appear to have any story or message to it, but it doesn't need one, especially since you weren't going for that. However, the hat looks a bit awkward in that it's hard to tell where or how exactly it's positioned on the head. It also looks kinda strange how the ear cuts into it like that. The broad palette, with its conflicting yellowy lights and bluish shades, make this piece really pop with color. Overall, I love it.|
Shading has improved a lot here. I also notice the skillful application of some reflected light, and, although seemingly sketchy, I like the way RD's wings were illustrated. I feel like I fill in most of the detail automatically as I look over it. As to Twilight, I really like how expressive her walk is and the stylized flatness of her tail. Last thing I literally just noticed, impressive job of lapping RD's hair in a 3 dimensional fashion. Normally it's illustrated exclusive to one side or the other but you managed to naturally lay it down her back. Although I liked Twilight's tail, I do not like RD's. It's fat and voluminous like a balloon as opposed to her mane which is far more naturally. The other thing that strikes me as odd is her wings. The angle of her entire body is slanted ever so slightly towards the foreground but her left wing drops below her right wing. It's inconsistent with the angle and appears odd although many might not immediately point it out. Twilight's expression isn't sold very well either. I can see that she's biting her lip but at the same time compared to how expressive the rest is, it's not nearly as well exaggerated. I also feel like the shading on her legs is inconsistent with the shading on RD. Light appears to be coming from the top left and top right but on Twilight it appears to only be from the top. All in all, another good job. I apologize if I seem overly critical.|
There are so many things wrong with this pony. Although I love the background. First of all, the color palette is just... so wrong it makes my eyes hurt. White and red are both saturated so putting only those two colors together makes this picture blinding. So if you want to put together two well saturated colors together like that, try and tone down one of the colors. Make the red a bit darker or the white a bit darker (the hair stripes or body color). Also, the eye color is not doing anything for this picture, try to measure out the differences in the colors and see what works. Like try making the eye color a middle red, dark grey, or pastel green and see what works.|
Firstly I want to say that it looks great! Anything where I see issues are minor but just things to help tighten it up. Firstly, it appears as though Captain America's shield and the straight lines around it are computer generated and not drawn by hand, therefore taking away from the works continuity. Next, the star is at a very slight tilt to the right. The straight lines that come to the shield overlap the shield slightly. The sketch work that is on the body and the body proportions are spot on. You provide a good level of detail especially on the right hand holding the gun. The only slight shading mistake is on the left breast where the shading under the armpit is slightly too low. The left hand looks a little muddled with whatever her hand is resting on. The only other issue is the face. Her face is a little to structured and masculine. If you round out her chin a little and shrink her nose some it will make her look more feminine. All-in-all there are a lot of great details in this, great body form, great work on the hands which can be particularly difficult. The problems are in the mixing of two forms of drawing, the connections in the computerized part, and a slight issue with face. If you went in to fix these few things you would have a really great sketch. I hope this helps!|
How do I even start? Dragons and Super Soakers.. A totally unique concept (that I know of) and a hilarious one to boot. The background doesn't take away from the detail of the characters, especially the look on Solaris's face. And the gigantic squirt gun (is it even a squirt gun anymore when it's bigger than you are?) that Minion's got vs. the little tiny pistol. The shading's well done, but truth be told, it doesn't factor very much into my review of the piece. The lines are good, the concept's good, and the colors and layout are good. One last thing... You look to the left and see a dragon holding a water pistol. You look to the right and see a water bazooka holding a dragon. That's my one-sentence summary, anyway|
This piece has excellents colors. The dark background compliments the piece perfectly. The yellow is warm and looks very soothing. The contrast works perfectly to make this piece visually appealing I love the smaller stands of different colors and accents of a peachy orange. These colors all combine quite nicely and stand out against the background. The way that this seems to be smoking is quite something, it looks excellent. Something like a comet fallen from the depths of space. The way there is a spiral design at the centre is a perfect place for the eye to focus upon. Excellent job.|
Although I am not a painter, I think that the subaqueous qualities of the purity of line makes resonant the distinctive formal juxtapositions. With regard to the issue of content, the sublime beauty of the sexual signifier seems very disturbing in light of a participation in the critical dialogue of the 90s. I agree with some of the things that have just been said, but the reductive quality of the facture brings within the realm of discourse the inherent overspecificity. I find this work playful because of the way the disjunctive perturbation of the negative space contextualize the eloquence of these pieces. It should be added that the optical suggestions of the spatial relationships endangers the devious simplicity of the remarkable handling of ljght. It should be added that the iconicity of the Egyptian motifs visually and conceptually activates the essentially transitional quality. I'm surprised that no one's mentioned yet that the aura of the gesture notates the larger carcass. It's difficult to enter into this work because of how the mechanical mark-making of the figurative-narrative line-space matrix spatially undermines the substructure of critical thinking. As an advocate of the Big Mac Aesthetic, I feel that the metaphorical resonance of the sexy fish threatens to penetrate the exploration of montage elements. I'm troubled by how the internal dynamic of the biomorphic forms verges on codifying the accessibility of the work.|
ASDGHJKL this is amazing! I love the lighting and the pose. It is very eye catching and adorable~ ? Umm lets get the bad news: The skin looks a bit grey, but it could just be the way you chose to make it be lit. Another thing~ The flowers you might want to add the slightest bit of detail in with a fine brush. Otherwise, I absolutely love this piece of art. >//< The background and the adorableness is so cool and amazing. Your watercolouring skills are amazing in this. Everything just looks peaceful. Great job and keep up the good work~|
the blending is not really nice at all here, the lighting of the render totaly doesnt match with the light of the background, there are sparkles at really random places and i dont really know what that write blury thing on her eyes are... i see what u tried to do but this case totaly doesnt fit with the theme, the light comming from outside is far too bright and the cut of the character is kinda bad especialy at hair and face part,quality of the character and background is much different from each other. sorry to be harsh on you|
I thought this was pretty interesting in the fact that it was different from all your other character drawings. It has a gentler, more thoughtful look to it. Not saying your other work is not thoughtful! Its just that this one felt more like you were trying to get a deeper message across than normal. I found the eyes to be very powerful in this drawing. In all your works, you tend to make sure your eyes are shining and pop out of the page. However, in this one the eyes are more powerful due to the lack of color in the rest of the drawing. It makes it feel as if your character is coming to life as you create him! The lines are also smooth and are easy to understand. I do feel that the hat’s brim was a bit shaky, but that’s understandable to happen without a ruler. Also with technique, the blurred ‘lines’ at the bottom of the character were great in making it feel like a real paper drawing. But for some reason you decide to use gray filler for the rest of the drawing. I would have kept to shading him with lines to give the look of an authentic paper sketch. As for the blur surrounding his outline, that was a nice touch! It looks like a hand smeared it. I would have put the smearing on one side only, though… All in all, a great piece of art! Really made me think about the character creation process and how the OC ‘comes alive’ to its creator! I would have tried to use more lines than flat gradation to shade it, just so it looked like a sketch done with pencil. Keep up the great work! -C30|
I htink tis si very gud art bcuz it pro. i lov how u put in all te detail, espeshally le spost, theryr'e nise and Big like mi booty. i Also lov te makeup it realy brings out the tung. The tung is a rly nice feetur, it loosk very nice. i love the way u drew it. ovrall ths is very nise I find it vry iunspiring, abd its just wow verie impresiv art skeel mmhm.keep On draweng and u will get 2 be bettr. jst remembr, dont' let this bring u down, but i wil alwas be te best. I RAT DIS DRAWIN.. TENOUTTATEN!!!11one!!|
|
Honestly this is amazing! im not really sure about them flower-like under the bright and i peronaly feel like sharpening filter would really does nicely here brighing out the colors and all, i love the concept of this and i would love to see the boy with a black-ish hair, the flow behind the panda is a little too thick in my opinion other then that i have nothing really to say about this other then just to congratilate you on this amazing piece because its really something to be proud of, if art can express feelings this is a good example of that ^^|
What can I say? I get the full view that this is the PAUL MCCARTNEY, the shading is absolutely MARVELOUS and the eyes resemble exactly the one's of Paul's. The lips are prefect and the shading is at wonderful accuracy. I can get a feel for the texture of the hair. You did a wonderful job capturing the motion of him directing his attention to a certain point. Wonderful job with the fullness of the neck and the even shape of Paul's face. Overall this is just an absolutely OUTSTANDING piece of artwork. Congratulations on creating a masterpiece my dear!|
Slimy! ^^ the lizard just looks adorable. I dont really know what else I could say. Your art is perfect as allways. the only thing that bothers me are the bubbles on the ground. but except them, its cute and slimy ^^. They way the lizard looks is just so cute ^^ the eyes are perfecly drawn *.* The head you wanted to draw could be cut away by scissors but ... its not that annoying ^^. why didnt you finish the head? Maybe you could've added some paws or fingers to him not just slimy ... thingies ? ... meep :I anyways. awesome art at all ^^. ~love, TinguxD ^^|
Woooooooooowwwwwwwww!!!!!! Beautiful, Beautiful job! The colors are lovely, the bow and neck cuff is adorable! This is a very beautiful pixel! Be my senpai in Pixel art! The octopus has a kawaii smile and looks almost like it could be one of those pokemon things to me. This would make a cute badge or something. A lot of time and effort has been put into this beautiful piece. This is something I would like to learn how to make as a beginning artist. You should be proud of this. Keep up the good work and amaze. It's lovely. 5 Stars!|
Like all your other art, this looks really good. All the body parts seem to be shaped right. I'm not really sure what the 'viision' would be. But it looks nice and you seem to have had this idea in your head and just KILLED IT. In a good way. In a really great way. Originality, well you have your own art style and shit so there is that. It's uniquely you. Not sure what the impact would be. Other than it looks cute and cool. Overall you did a really great job! I haven't really done a lot of these so I am really sorry if it's a weird, shitty review.|
Oh gosh, I've never done a critique before, and so I'll do my best! First off, I just I love Macchiato's expression: think it shows playfulness with maybe a hint of mischief. I also love the texture you used for his fur, cap and scarf, and the colors are gorgeous as well! And as usual your cloth folds and shading are lovely. All in all, I love this piece and look forward to seeing more of your glorious characters in this glorious style! (Haha I'm both jealous and yet at the same time an avid admirer of your art, Autumn...take me as your apprentice!) XD|
This is possibly the best cover art I have ever seen. It is bright, yet pleasing to the eye. It shows that we have our perceptions of what might be out there and what we might see one day. I highly recommend that you favorite this piece of art. I definitely say that this man deserve to have all the favorites he can get. Thusly, I favorite this. I will be For ever watching this artist, and forever hoping that he can create more amazing art in the future. With the uttmost respect that I can give, Ctaskatas (Leif Zeniff)|
The main reason I was unsure about writing a critique about the picture was that I didn't know where to start. But, I'm here now, so I will have to start somewhere. This will be the main thing in focus. I can't quite tell what it is, but it looks like some kind of plant. With spikes on the top. I think. This is the reason you have got 3.5 stars on technique. Although it is a nice picture (as testament to the 5 stars in impact) I cant tell what it is, even though this was the intention, due to it's abstract and surreal grouping. Whatever it is of though, the picture was taken superbly. the lighting makes the plant look almost magical, as though it glowing with some unearthly power. I just want to take it from the screen (something which is also helped by your amazing picture quality of the camera used). The background being out of focus bring even more attention to the thing that is focus, which is the plant I have mentioned before. Overall, even though I dont know what it is of, it is still an amazing picture.|
Firstly, pony lips, mmmm :tehe: Having the background blurred presents Luna very well, making her the significant feature. Extremely creative with the mane/hair style, presenting a different side of Luna, away from her royal duties and enabling a more casual sense of responsibility. The bun was brilliantly done up... I mean drawn, almost the the extent of realism. Lovely shading and lighting to the hair, detail as always is exquisite. As facial expressions go, this is the one most open to interpretation. Depending on the person it could be seen as smug, inquisitive, arrogant, sweet, but ALWAYS friendly. I'm not the first to say and won't be that last to comment on those gorgeous eyes. Magnificent detail with the shading and especially the iris, with the many different colours shine and sparkle, becoming very attractive and unique. You are the only artist (I know of) whom puts much effort into the eyes, which I think are a significant aspect to creating emotion within a character. As well as that, your eye lashes are incredibly pretty, the shape and width are quite gorgeous. The subtle make up upon her eye-lid is also fabulous, giving her the feminine and well presented look. Her wing seems a bit flat as the feathers don't have much depth, but I can understand the difficulty of it as feathers are a tricky object get perfect. The snugly scarf looks very nice although its colour contrasts Luna and blends with the background a little too well. Not saying to go for a bright green, but something that blends with Luna's blue a little better. The addition of the glow on her horn and the mug is very pretty. The saying on the mug, clever but slightly confusing. Overall a beautiful image that seems to have been planned out perfectly. It has amazing uniqueness and detail. You should be very proud.|
I'm sorry, but I do not like this picture or any other pictures of yours. The legs look really messy. The tail is really short. The body is too fat. The mouth should be more curved. The muzzle should also be less pointy. The whole picture is very bumpy. I think it could be better. Next time, try more effort in to your pictures. One eye is bigger than the other. I think you need to work on that. The mane could also be straighter. I also dislike how curvy some lines are, try to have control while you draw.|
This. Is. Absolutely. AMAZING! Everything I can see is beautiful. I love the tail! >w< The colors you used in it and it's front paws are so pretty! If I look at this piece from far away, I can see darker blue spots (but that might just be my horrible vision.) The wings on this little guy are really original! Usually, what I see for wings now is sort of boring, but these are really nice because they are different than the others! I like the purple glasses you added :3 The shading in the glasses was done really well, (but then, your shading always is X3) One more thing: That one little touch with the sparkles near the glasses: That made it look even more amazing. Good job!!|
This piece is absolutely stunning. The way you have used different tonal values and contrasting shades of dark and light make the picture pop. His pose suggests that something in the distant has caught his attention, which adds various questions which confront us when looking at this. It adds realism and a natural flow. The background seems slightly hazy, which also helps shift the attention to the beautiful wolf. The detail of his fur is wonderful, looking wild and natural. The whole thing is stunning and gorgeous and I would love to congratulate you on you work. Keep up the amazingly wonderful art! Ink|
So Guy's this is my First Critique ^-^ So please don't mind me if im doing something wrong. I must say this is truly amazing! I love the way you draw Bloom! The best thing is, i see you style in the Art. From the Hair till the end off her Dress, absolutely awesome. I love the Hair, it looks so real, and fits you style so much. All looks so fresh and in Harmony! The Lines are clear and good. Her Dress is simply stunning, so fully! Looks like Hard work! I love how you add the colors and shading her dress, also the light part if it! The Eyes are so cool, love how you do it! (Maybe do you do a Tutorial) The Mouth! I really love it! its not a usually mouth, that other users use for they wins art! it looks so soft. The little Heart on her Hair are so cute, looks fantastic! Wish could draw like this! The Backgroud rounded up everything! Its incredible! I like the flaming Bloom Logo! Fits her totally! (btw, i don't like her.., but she has a wonderful Mythix) The Wings are totally like in the show! I really love them! Wonderfull Work! I really love it!|
Nice piece, I would recommend to put the main character a bit more right to be in the focal point, Also the sun seems to be another focal point in this drawing but the girls is looking elsewhere, which is good in a way that "there is something going on where she looks" feel but since that we don't see where she is looking or no hints like (smoke for example) her gaze takes us away from the composition. The weak link in this drawing is the birds, they don't look good the way they were placed. Some birds in front of sun as silhouette, blocking the sun would be more dramatic|
1) Okay, I'm going to start off with the vision. The colors of the ref sheet are complementary to the dragon herself, and I adore the texture you used. Deathtail herself is so marvelously posed and shaded that she immediately draws the viewer's eyes away from the wall of text. Very well done! 2) With originality the ref sheet is arranged and portrayed much like any other dragon's as of late. The headshot, basic information, and human comparison at the top, with the text separating them from the dragon at the bottom. Which is fine, btw. Deathtail's design, on the other hand, is fantastic! Most purple dragons I've seen have secondary colors of blue or black. Although she does have black, you've managed to add green and red to her secondary colors to! Usually I would go, whoa, that's a bit extreme and back away slowly, but not with Deathtail. You've managed to bring in those colors without burning the viewers' eyes. I don't know how you did it, but the colors suit her. She really does look good. And as original as most dragons can get. 3) The technique you used for the ref sheet is wonderful! I love how you added her element at the top (I like how it is wedged in there ). The sketched headshot is adorable and fills the empty space nicely. The Loki doll is asdfsadfasf;; SO CUTE! It also fills the space nicely. The technique used to fill all the spaces yet not overcrowd the ref sheet is well used. I don't know quite what to say about the technique of the character, so I'm going to just critique the anatomy. Let me just say I LOVE THAT BACK LEG ANATOMY...ahhhhhhhh~ The only thing I can really see wrong is the front paw and wing. the front paw shouldn't be able to bend quite like that. If you bend your own hand you'll see that it can only bend about 90 degrees at the joint then the rest of it is pretty much straight until you get to your fingers. The wing should have more muscle mass where it connects to her body, considering that it has to lift the rest of her body when flying. Other than that, you have fantastic anatomy knowledge! 4) The ref is fabulous and it's impact is great. You should be proud of yourself for making such a cool character and ref to go along with her.|
I really like this one a lot. I do think that you could of zoomed out more so we can see the feet and the rest of the ears. I hope you know what I mean. I also think you could of made Deerling's body more like a hot dog than a burger. I hope I'm not being to mean, though. You did great even with those mistakes. I really like it. Nice expression on Deerling and great detail. I like detail a lot. Also, nice strokes with the background and with Deerling. That is important as well. Great job!|
What the desu did you just fucking desu about me, you little desu? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my desu in the Navy Desus, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret desus on Al-Desu, and I have over 300 confirmed desus. I am trained in desu warfare and I’m the top desu in the entire US armed desu. You are nothing to me but just another desu. I will desu you the fuck out with desu the likes of which has never been seen before on this desu, mark my fucking desu. You think you can get away with saying that desu to me over the desu? Think again, desu. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of desu across the USA and your desu is being traced right now so you better prepare for the spam, maggot. The spam that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your desu. You’re fucking desu, kid. I can be desu, desu, and I can desu you in over desu ways, and that’s just with my bare desu. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed desu, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Desu and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable desu off the face of the desu, you little desu. If only you could have known what unholy desu your little “desu” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking desu. But you desu, you desu, and now you’re desu, you goddamn desu. I will shit desu all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking desu, kiddo.|
I think this is an excellent composition and great use is made of the mirror. I particularly like the asymmetry of the pose - one sock over the knee and the other above the ankle gives an air of informality. I love the fiery sensual look on the model's face which shows an engagement in the formation of the final shot - something regularly overlooked. This represents superb work by both model and photographer and is of course considerably enhanced by the fact that the model has a beautifully slim form and her long limbs are shown off to perfection. I would be pleased if I produced only one image of this quality in any one year.|
Hi , I think you did an amazing job on this one. The shot was great. It wasn't cutting off anything. I do think that how you took it could be changed. The picture looks like it is on a hill and it is sliding off. I do think you need it more focused on the angle, though. I know you might not have the right colors, but Lotad's greens are a off a little. Mainly the the ones on the sides that are shaped like triangles. It doesn't match perfectly, but you might not be able to help that. I know how that feels because it happens to me a lot. Other than those things, I really liked Lotad. Nice job with the shading and nice strokes. Great job!|
Honestly I'm a huge fan of disney in general, and I love how the kh games take it more seriously, and in the search for a key blade of my own, mainly ones that have gone unused ex: mickey's dream seeker (which he seems to have abandoned) or oath keeper. Oath keeper seems better since Rosas is dead and all, and I just have to say if I could buy this for any amount, I would. The only negative comment is that I know these are made out of wood, where real key blades are metallic, because if I had that, I would, want it to get weaker every time it gets wet, i think there should be a real metal replica that can take a hit and keep on going (ps I'm SERIOUS about buying that send me an amount and I'll see if I can pay, hope you consider)|
I'm looking at this artwork and all I gotta say is that I am really amazed how this is designed. The texture of this piece is very well done, and that's what you'd like in an artwork, the colors matched very well in this artwork as well, and I for one like the color blue, gray and purple, it's also a cute piece, let the sleeping creature lie, just the perfect design on this artwork in this piece. In conclusion, this artwork is very well done, nicely colored, nicely textured and just fantastic, really nice job, hope to see more artwork of your's, great job|
this is really amazing!!! i never knew someone like you can make something so realistic as possible. the hair, mane, eyes, DETAILS...those are the thing i cannot do, no wonder why they gave you Premium Membership. and you deserved it! i do hope you will become one of the most famous artists around, or maybe you already are! XD i have no words for this masterpiece, it's making me dizzy! XD of course, i can't draw such stuff like you do, i can't even draw a realistic portrait! i sure hope you have a youtube channel, everyone will think you are one of those people with a real dream. keep up the good work girl. everyone loves you! ;3|
Look at this picture. Look at this freaking picture. I mean it, zoom in and look at the amazing detail. This is something I've been looking for for a long time. This could literally be a movie poster, and if I passed by, I would see this movie in a second. Not just because of ponies, but because of the epicness of it. What can I say? I've never seen a superhero pony picture executed this good. The background, the shadows, the action, the clouds the hair; everything. It's amazing, and it deserves my only 5-star on everything rating. Here is another sentence to make it 100 words.|
I really love this pose! It reminds me of a frog. No, this is no offense. The frog was a symbol for fertility and rebirth. For example frogs and ladies presenting their genitals on egypt vases was common back then. Medieval and of course christianity compared the frog (and the woman) with the devil. An animal changing its appearance while growing (from fish-like polliwog to four-legged frog) and being a non-domestic animal living next to the human was too much for poor old priests. And sexuality was evil as hell, we all know ^^ and women, too - yeah yeah we know ^^ So this picture combines the beauty, sexuality and magic of women with the christian aversion of sin and animalish desire. An innocent woman in a pleasing pose of an animal. A fascinating, thrilling pose for your fantasies (even in christian minds ^^). I really love this pose! German source on frogs in human culture: www.br.de/radio/bayern2/sendun… English Wiki about frogs: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frogs_in… PS: Sorry for bad english. ^^'|
I really love how smoothe it is, and how you have all these designs in your work. it makes it look very fluid and fun and keeps me wanting to look at it for prolonged periods of time. the contrast between the head and the wing could be a bit stronger. makes it a bit complicated with what all is going on in this piece and that area in general. again i really love your use of color. its fantastic and probably my favorite thing about your work in general along with your use of designs inside the work. some parts of this i think might be lacking a little bit of depth. especially on your main coils. overall. im not big on tattoo's and i almost never say this but if i ever got one i think this would be a really cool one to have. and its just a beautiful piece of art.|
I really like this. I do think that you could of zoomed out more so we can see the rest of Manaphy's body. Also, I think you shaded a little too darkly. You could of shaded lighter and maybe added a little white to it as well. Other than those things, you did great. I liked how you made nice strokes with Maniphy and the background instead of just scribbling.I also like your nice expression on Manaphy as well. I like having that in drawings. Do you? I almost forgot! Great job with the outline. I like the nice crisp lines that you did. Great job!|
Layout is good and the lack of colours make it fitting for a time And age of sensations. Though some of the details need a little work, the Undefying pose and the fine charcoal strokes and blending are well-placed. Rendering with the shading on her face needs a little work, but the hair and the Ebony dress and scarf contrasting with the background is well-put in a stunning Noir setting. Black definitely suits her and the mood all over, And the hardened but beautiful face that stuns the hearts of viewers, her Chiming deep siren-like voice, hair that cascades like a waterfall that Allures the transcendence of time, her charm and grace enraptures you to Let her say, "Are you happy to see me?". I may not know her well, but sleep well, LAUREN BACALL|
(1st critique, rookie) Libraries are the heart of knowledge in which this displays well and provides a small view of a large area. With libraries the books are normally out of place or falling out or even slanted off to the side in which you made happen. Walking on the books is a nice touch as well considering they may have fallen from their shelves in the past. Scenery is not too textured to keep away from focusing on the books. But the thing I enjoy in this is the overgrowth showing the library as apart of the Jungle itself, but has the cut stone in the walls showing that there is a line between the built structure and the jungle growing upon it. By size of it, one can tell a lot. It looks like a half kilometer if you try to calculate. But moving on from that, the bookshelves or books themselves are not too tall or large showing that it was meant for human sized being instead of things like Crisis. The mood is, well...calm. A library is occasionally silent and from the looks of the Dryad that in the comment section provided the heads up, has harmony mixed in with chaos with the raining books. However books shown in the arches would be hard to access without the assistance of a tall ladder. Or something attached to the side to hang onto, looking around the sections. Of course this is mainly in the case a human tries to get the books, fairies can go ahead and fly to them.|
First of all, 5 for impact because this artwork motivated me to join deviantart. I was looking for illustations to the aforementioned fairy tale, but none of them were as good as this one. Now, I am trying very hard to do some constructive criticism, so please do not blame me is this comes out sheer admiration. First of all, the hair could use a bit more detail. Secondly, the folds. Some of them are brilliant, but some things, like the blue skirt could use a bit more wrinkles. To sum it up: the clothes should be messier. The girl's foot sticks out, as it has no detail in the middle of such a detailed work. Also, her slieves. A bit more shadow would be nice. I absolutely love the snake skin and the floor. The amount of detail is overwhelming. I would heave recommended emathising the man's body a little bit more, as it gets lost in such a colourful artwork. Overall, amazing.|
I think you did great on this one. I do think that you could of zoomed in and changed the angle because it doesn't look straight. By zooming in, we can see more detail. I hope you understand what I mean. Plus a little of your strokes were a little sloppy on Furret's body. I was just going to point that out so you know. Other than that, I really like Furret. I liked the the story you put into this. Why did you originally not draw his tail anyway. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but I would just like to know. Great job!|
oh that's beautiful and very appealing. i love watercolor and styles like this. so it might be hard to not be biased about this one. i love your use of colors, limited but lovely palette i really like things like that, i find it more creative and overall more beautiful in artwork. i love the style of it. i see some different medias and designs that are attractive, though i think the part where the uhh...i forgot what it's calld, but next to the tear ducts, i think that kind of makes the eye wonder off the piece a little bit, overall however i just absolutely love it and there's not a whole lot to say unless there's something your comparing it to. perhaps ease up a bit on your use of blacks. or dark colors. some of this is probably ink? which is fine, sorry for the weird critique im kind of tired.|
This was just amazing to see. A Game of Thrones take on the Sonic Universe! If there was a game based on this, no question Sonic, Sally, Tails, (if he and Antoine were in this pick) Rotor, Antoine, Bunny, Amy and Nicole would be great to play as. Against the likes of Robotnik, Mogul, Scourge, and Naugus, I'd say these heroes would take the trophy. I have to admit though, Shadow, Knuckles and Rouge look kinda gnarly in this to, shame the Chaotix and Omega are missing. Other than that, good job dude, I'd LOVE to see more of your work!|
He's very pretty. To say the least. >v> I like this character a lot. *brushes hair* He seems like a swell person indeed. =v= You didn't do too bad on this honestly ovo I couldn't find much wrong with it.. The face, the nose, even his eyebrows are totally fine, love. <3 ...Although, I will agree with you that the eyes are a little wonky. xD and.. maybe a little big? His eyes entirely can be a whole lot smaller in my opinion.. just to give it that intimidating.. sexy look. uvu Cause he seems like a sexy person. /stabbed And by the way his nose is angled.. He should probably be looking down, yeah? /shot And another thing.. His neck was bothering me for the longest time and I couldn't figure out why, but then I realize he doesn't have an Adam's apple. oAo Give your men an Adam's apples for maximum manliness, my dear. Or they'll be mistaken as a girl >o> But aside from those minor things, this is totally fabulous. uvu You did a good job. You need to draw more guys my love. It's not all that bad.. ;A;|
I've been reading a lot of TMNT Fanfictions recently and some have been good, some ok, and some lose their purpose halfway through. But this, this made me bite my thumb, tear up, and tremble. There's still a tight wad of warmth in my chest. This story is intimate and expressive. Normally so much repetition would have annoyed me, but you managed to use it so well. It created an impact the left me trembling with tears of worry for young Michelangelo. A sympathy for the wise little brothers roll in life. There have been other stories that took the rolls of the four brothers into consideration, but never so deeply. You gave Mikey that inner strength that others seem to quickly forget. Just like Raph has a soft side, Mikey has his own strength. Over all, I'm still fangirling over this story. I'll probably read it time, and time again. Keep on doing what you're doing!|
What the desu did you just fucking desu about me, you little desu? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my desu in the Navy Desus, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret desus on Al-Desu, and I have over 300 confirmed desus. I am trained in desu warfare and I’m the top desu in the entire US armed desu. You are nothing to me but just another desu. I will desu you the fuck out with desu the likes of which has never been seen before on this desu, mark my fucking desu. You think you can get away with saying that desu to me over the desu? Think again, desu. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of desu across the USA and your desu is being traced right now so you better prepare for the spam, maggot. The spam that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your desu. You’re fucking desu, kid. I can be desu, desu, and I can desu you in over desu ways, and that’s just with my bare desu. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed desu, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Desu and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable desu off the face of the desu, you little desu. If only you could have known what unholy desu your little “desu” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking desu. But you desu, you desu, and now you’re desu, you goddamn desu. I will shit desu all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking desu, kiddo.|
Okay, so im digging the picture, no doubt its good, I will go in this assuming that since this is a sketch, you didnt put too much (or maximum) effort into it, sketches are usually just going drawings utilizing about half an artists full potential. but as this is a critique, im going to point out some flaws and give tips on how to fix them! one, her jacket collar, this is a common mistake made by artists both novice and advanced, I would suggest drawing (with the ruler) a very light line acrossed her neck area, THIS will help you keep the collars (both sides) even. this isn't always necessary in pictures BUT since shes standing straight up (or at least that's how shes being portrayed) her jacket/shirt collar will be evenly placed. Lineart is a bit shakey, if you don't do this already, try lightly drawing it first then with the dark B2 pencile that it (Looks) like youre using go over the lines you want (make the outlining deep) so that way, when you erase, it will be easier to get rid of the lighter lines. I also see that you are using the face cross- that's really good, but in the finished product (and im sure you know this) get rid of those lines. the eyes are even and the eyebrows are good too, maybe add the tiny lines underneath the tips of thos eyebrows to give the more appalled look that it looks like youre going for. her hair is okay but I would suggest never Darkening the back of her hair near her neck, never pitch black. back there you should do every line one by one, then start to shade the hair and as you near her neck make those shades darker. I say this because the way her hair is shaded at the base suggests that her hair isn't pitch black, anything that isn't pitch black has an even darker shade. also her hair needs shading too, shade it darker as it nears the back of her head make her neck more defined (the lines I mean) and as for the shade under her face, make that darker, and under that shade (on her neck make it lighter and as for the lips (which is really hard) it seems like you want to do an anime/realistic style to it. I have a few new sketches up they are in black and white, head over to my page and view them, try to study those lips, I make mine a bit more full, but you could make yours thinner if they aren't the style youre looking for then look online and study anime lips! add a shading to her nose and and add shading under her bangs! do you get what I mean now?? to make a dynamic picture in black and white, it relies HEAVILY on shading! the rules to shading is, there is NEVER a fully white area on the picture save the whiting of the eyes and sometimes given certain circumstances those get a bit shaded too. another tip is, there are a ton of areas on a face that can be shaded in and lot of people avoid shading the face, but if you practice shading, you'll get a real nice light shade to go on her face and the shade gets a bit darker as it reaches he side of her face and towards her hair. basically as you draw away from the lighting that you have in mind, the shading gets darker this picture is good for a sketch, I only gave tips for its full potential most of which you as an artist already knew! hope this helped. another tip, spend more time on shading the rally dark spots like underneath her collar, there should never be any white spots, and give her a puple inside her black eyes which will be the darkest shade, unless her eyes are meant to be like that. this isn't a critique for only THIS deviation either, it can be used for all other art you put out!|
Eu sei o quanto vc se esforçou nesse desenho, o tempo que levou e o trabalho que deu. Por tanto, no mínimo eu me sinto no dever de escrever uma pequena crítica. Adorei a idéia do desenho. Os cortes e a abertura no tórax com o fundo em universo é realmente muito interessante. Eu interpreto tantas coisas disso e por isso acho que é tão legal. A infinidade de interpretações de uma mesma coisa sempre me atraiu. Ainda falando sobre os cortes, os ossos... as vértebras, costelas... ficou muito legal. Impactante a primeira vista! Outro ponto importante: O trabalho no cabelo. Perfeito. Ficou maravilhoso. Tem fluidez e as sombras estão muito bem feitas! Outra coisa que me chamou a atenção foi a lineart num tom mais claro. Isso suaviza muito o desenho, acomoda melhor a visão. Minhas únicas reticências são acerca da luz e sombra e do fundo. Acho que ainda poderia ter acrescentado um tom a mais de sombra em lugares específicos pra dar mais volume, como em baixo dos seios, pescoço, nos ossos da clavícula e na região pélvica. Sobre o fundo, ele é lindo, sem dúvidas, mas eu pessoalmente optaria por algo que contrastasse mais com a pele branca dela. Acho que isso é mais um gosto pessoal meu, mas nada que interfira no desenho como um todo. Minha opinião final: Eu amei! Mas disso vc já sabe <33|
Bukkake (?????, English Listeni/bu??kæki/ boo-kak-ee)[1] is a sex act portrayed in pornographic films, in which several men ejaculate on a woman, or another man.[2][3][4][5][6][7] Bukkake videos are a relatively prevalent niche in contemporary pornographic films. Originating in Japan in the 1980s, the genre subsequently spread to North America and Europe, and crossed over into gay pornography. Contents [hide] 1 Etymology 2 History 3 Viewers' motivation 4 Reception 5 See also 6 References 7 External links Etymology In Japanese, the word bukkake has extensive non-sexual use, such as this food tent advertising bukkake udon noodles. Bukkake is the noun form of the Japanese verb bukkakeru (?????, to dash or sprinkle water),[8] and means "to dash", "splash", or "heavy splash".[4][6][9] The compound verb can be decomposed into a prefix and a verb: butsu (??) and kakeru (???). Butsu is a prefix derived from the verb "buchi" which literally means to hit but the usage of the prefix is a verb-intensifier.[10] Kakeru in this context means to shower or pour. The word bukkake is often used in Japanese to describe pouring out water with sufficient momentum to cause splashing or spilling. Indeed, bukkake is used in Japan to describe a type of dish where hot broth is poured over noodles, as in bukkake udon and bukkake soba. History Bukkake was first represented in pornographic films in the mid to late 1980s in Japan.[6] According to one commentator, a significant factor in the development of bukkake as a pornographic form was the mandatory censorship in Japan where genitals must be pixelated by a "mosaic".[11] One consequence of this is that Japanese pornography tends to focus more on the face and body of actresses rather than on their genitals.[11] Since film producers could not show penetration, they sought other ways to depict sex acts without violating Japanese law and since semen did not need to be censored, a loophole existed for harder sex scenes.[11] However, popularization of the act and the term for it has been credited to director Kazuhiko Matsumoto in 1998.[11] The Japanese adult video studio Shuttle Japan registered the term "????/???????" as a trademark (No. 4545137) in January 2001.[12] The practice then spread from Japan to American and then European pornography after US porn producers discovered Japanese bukkake videos in the late 1990s.[13][14] The appearance of bukkake videos was part of a trend towards "harder" pornography in the 1990s, preceded by a fashion for double penetration videos in the mid-1990s, and occurring in parallel to the appearance of gang bang videos towards the end of that decade.[15] There was an economic advantage for Western pornographers to produce bukkake films since they only require one actress, and often amateur male performers whose pay-rates are low.[14] However, Western-style bukkake videos differ in some aspects from those in Japan; in Japanese bukkake videos, female performers are frequently dressed as office ladies or in school uniforms and depicted in subdued poses, whereas women in Western-style bukkake videos are portrayed as enjoying the scene.[16][17] Another Japanese variant of bukkake is gokkun, in which several men ejaculate into a container for the receiver to drink.[4][18] Bukkake is less popular than some other porn niches in the West, possibly because the implicit subordination of the woman does not appeal to many consumers, and because cum shots are normally the climax of a scene, rather than the main events.[14] The genre has also spread to gay pornography, featuring scenes in which several men ejaculate on another man.[6][7] "Lesbian bukkake" videos are also produced.[19][20] The 17th World Congress of Sexology in Montreal in July 2005 included a presentation on bukkake.[21] Viewers' motivation American editor and publisher Russ Kick, quoting a sexologist, states that men enjoy a "sense of closure and finality about sex", something that watching other men ejaculate provides.[7] The viewer identifies with the ejaculating men, experiencing a sense of vicarious pleasure.[7] According to English–American anti-pornography campaigner Gail Dines, the ejaculate on the female performer's body "also marks the woman as used goods", conveying a sense of ownership; she quotes veteran American porn actor and producer Bill Margold stating: "I'd like to really show what I believe the men want to see: violence against women. I firmly believe that we serve a purpose by showing that. The most violent we can get is the cum shot in the face. Men get off behind that because they get even with the women they can't have."[22] Reception A number of authors have described bukkake as premised on humiliation. Forensic psychologist Karen Franklin has described bukkake as symbolic group rape, characterising its primary purpose as the humiliation, degradation and objectification of women.[23] Lisa Jean Moore and Juliana Weissbein view the use of ejaculation in bukkake as part of a humiliation ritual, noting that it generally does not involve any of the female participants experiencing orgasm.[24] Feminist anti-pornography activist Gail Dines describes the money shot of a man ejaculating on the face or body of a woman, taken to a new extreme in bukkake through the involvement of multiple men, as "one of the most degrading acts in porn".[22] Tristan Taormino, feminist author and sex educator, has likened bukkake to a "gay circle jerk", noting the inconsistency between its billing as a heterosexual practice and the fact that it features a group of naked men standing in close proximity to each other, masturbating together.[25] Phillip Vannini, associate professor in the School of Communication and Culture at Royal Roads University, quotes "self-proclaimed net sex commentator" George Kranz, who views recent American interpretations of bukkake as a "significant advance in human behaviour", emphasising the lively, almost party-like atmosphere of American bukkake videos compared to the more subdued Japanese style.[17]|
It is wonderful when people can imagine something fantastic. Something that can`t appear in our world, something so beautiful that makes your heart beat faster when you look at it. But it is so hard to find beauty in usual things that surround you in everyday life! Let`s have a look... The City. First of all, you will see usual grey urban scenery. How can this be beautiful?! But it can be, even without green trees and fountains. The colossal anthill with lots of entries is well-organised system. Offices, shops, places where people can sleep and eat. Maybe you find this area disgusting... But if you FEEL the City, its heartbeat and energy, then you will understand this is like a colorful beast. It reacts on what you do and how you do this. You can try and make friends with the beast, or even make it your personal companion. The originality of urban art series of Nicolas Jolly is in showing the City in different states of mood. Black and white scenery with dark clouds can mean it is morning, the rush hour. Thousands of sleepy people are sreaming through the streets, getting out of the warm underground. It looks like it is sunny afternoon at second artwork. It is my favorite, the colorful spots make the City beast to seem playful. This is mood of artist`s inspiration. Somewhere in this buildings designers, actors, musicians are creating amazing things. Or it is a usual holiday. The last scene can be evening. The work is done for today, people can take a break to rest. These artworks are realistic. Every building is highly detalised, I even can see little windows at their bottom. The most important thing is this art helps us to understand the City can image its inhabitant`s personality.|
This work of art is simply amazing! the komodo is so beautiful, it makes my eye smile with the happiness. the detail put into this is wonderful (such as in the hair and eyes). the shadow fallows properly giving dimension to your work. the complementary background just emphasis her beauty. Sakura has always been a tomboy, so it is great to see her in such a pretty girl fashion, while stile being head-strong and comfortable than her usual style. the flow and beauty of the work of art, is so grand few people cud pull it off. Yuuza as usual your work is stunning.|
Jim, I adore your rainbow mandalas, and these pins, well... they're just buckin' perfect. The prints are centered, the quality of the detail is beyond reproach; they're crisp and clear and clean, not a speck or a scratch on 'em... Every one of these prints is an amazing piece of art. And they look like they're made of sturdy materials too, doesn't feel like they'll be breaking up anytime soon. I don't know exactly how you made these, but this is some excellent work right here. Oh yeah, and they made it to Belgium in a minimum of time as well. I hope to keep seeing more of your mind-blowing work in the future.|
I love the vibrant colors and the color choices of all your paintings, and this one especially! Maybe next time you could make the tree trunk thing a little bit darker and the leaves brighter? This might make the colors of the leaves to pop out more. Right now the top of the tree kinda blends with the leaves, so if you made the tree super dark brown, I think the leaves would look super awesome and pop out a you Oh, and I also really love the fact that the background evens out your colors! It's my first critiqe! ;D I really hope this was helpful!|
Spó?niona krytyka lel XD We?, jak za pó?no dodana mo?esz usun?c czy co? XD Dobraaa to ermermer, sparkly Bulik is sparkly, tak. Zacznijmy od tego ?e ja strasznie nie lubi? b?yszcz?cych piesków ale ola? to. Generalnie ca?kiem fajnie to wysz?o (kojarzy mi si? ciut z rozlan? rt?ci? albo z chromowanym kranem, co jest ze mn? nie tak... W ka?dym razie jest ?adnie. I teraz tak: -Za ciemno pocieniowany pysk. Tak, zdecydowanie za du?o ciemnego na mordzie. Mo?na to by?o zdeczko bardziej rozmy?. -Za d?uga szyja- to chyba przez t? kryz? z futra, noale jednak. -Ogon tak jako? dziwnie u?o?ony ?e wygl?da jakby bulik mia? grub? dup?. Tu z kolei, odwrotnie ni? na pysku, powinno by? ciemniej, ?eby sie od ty?ka odcina?o kolorystycznie. - W ogóle za du?o tych takich futerkowych odblaskó na pysku i szyi, bo ca?a posta? jest taka g?adka no a ta g?owa no ;_; Ok, sko?czy?am z narzekaniem. A co mi si? w obrazku podoba... Na, to b?yszczenie, jak ju? mówi?am, jest bardzo fajnie zrobione, I jest super anatomia ?apek, ja sama nigdy tego nie ograniam. Fajnie zrobione oczy i uszy (z naciskiem na uszy, bo s? naprawd? zajebiste) i te bia?e bliki na brzuchu tak fajnie przyci?gaj? wzrok. Generalni ten taki sparklowy styl jest tu ?wietnie z?apany, posta? wydaje si? taka g?adka i jakby pó?przezroczysta, co? jak grube szk?o i to jest naprawd? bardzo fajny efekt. No i to t?o, mimo ?e jest proste to super tu pasuje. A tak typowo ju? do tych gwiazdek tam z boku: Nie powiem ?eby ta wizja by?a jaka? specjalna, i nie jest to jako? koszmarnie orginalne, tak wi?c w obu dostajesz po trzy. Z techniki... no o tym by?a ca?a krytyka, to tylko powiem ?e jest nie?le, ale mo?esz si? poprawi?, no a z impactu masz pi?? na pi?? bo naprawd? przyci?ga wzrok i to w taki fajny sposób. No, to by by?o na tyle, ledwie przekrozy?am 300 s?ów i jest strasznie chaotycznie, mam nadziej? ?e wybaczysz XD To ja.. ja ju? sobie pójd? XD|
I love the models pose and attitude. I love the panties it looks really good on her and it goes well with the white blanket and stuff. I love the background it's really nice and it goes well with what she's wearing and the color of it too. She loos vary sexy in that of course I am a bi so I would think so. I love the necklace and her hair and the makeup on her she looks vary beautiful, cute, sexy and hot. lol sorry. I love the white curtains drapes on the bed it gives it a lot to the background. You did a really great job .|
this looks awesome!~ red looks 'just' semi-realistic which turned out really well, and the way you structured this picture is great!~ i love the pokemons expressions, all of them expressing their own personality and prowess > if i were to critique i think it'd just mainly concern pikachu~ be weary pikachus eyes are on line with the top of its nose so its eyes aren't too far up, losing that mouse/pikachu look. the red spot on its right cheek is abit too low as well, almost off cheek. one of its red spots is always entirely on view, evenly spaced between its eyes, mouth and 'chin'. lastly its right ear is just that abit higher than its left ear. you can use parallel lines to match up the ears so its eyes, stripes, spots and ears align wonderful art piece overall! hope this helped. keep up the awesome work!~|
This is a very lovely creation :3 The colours match very well, as you are an advanced artist and you made the colours seem to shine by the light in the background. The white fur has a touch of pink in it which gives it warmth, and the green eyes are the first thing to look at. Your shadows and proportions are in the correct level, and also your perspective. You did a few minor shadows on the face so the outlines aren't too big which looks more lively, and makes your art look more realistic. The light effects are the most beautiful thing in this whole picture and the emotion it gives is just overwhelmingly stunning. The water effects look fine, but I think you could have done a bit more about them. It's really awesome how you smudged the background to make it appear more smoothly. Your shadows and light effects are always in the correct amount and place, which is really hard to handle, so you did a great job there. Your dynamic emotion and tension is in the right amount and done perfectly. This is a very good picture of a pokemon and I hope you get many favs on it :3 <3 There isn't that much which needs to be changed, it is a great picture as it is now :3|
Firstly, this is great! I am very proud of you! The highlights look really great. Especially on the face. You totally got the thing about the thin line of reflection. Maybe the shadows could have been a little more defined in some parts. Creating more movement for the fire in front. But that intense detail, and this is all in all still great. The hair, grr, yeah you know the hair, so I won't say anything. Well work on it, lots of practising!!! With hair it's really all about the natural shine the hair will have. It's a slow process. It takes at least 4 layers to complete. And it should seem smooth, or silky like hair. Not really blotchy. But yeah, still great work!! hehe Well done girl!!|
Me parece un buen dibujo de un curioso ser. Esta bien detallado hasta la ultima gota. Me gusta esa linda mirada, que refleja un alma buena dentro de un cuerpo baboso. La originalidad de este trabajo lo hace sumamente atrayente y un tanto complicado de entender a la vez. Este personaje tendría muy buena actuación en un cómic o otra clase de obras de arte. La calificación que le doy a tu trabajo es un poco baja en visión por la falta de color y en impacto porque no es para nada perturbadora. Para terminar, puedo decir lo siguiente: es un trabajo bien hecho...|
This is one fit lady, her musculature isn't obvious with this angle and light, but she's very well formed allover! Her photos on wordpress and at Ariane studios are wonderful. I'm surprised she hasn't done more published work. Things can only get better with age, and she leaves stacks of requests for more in comments wherever she goes..! One of those creatures that doesn't need a hairstylist or make-up! I would think she could make a tidy living from modelling, or her own website. This image has a sixties feel to it, and therefore works well in black & white., but a touch more warmth would take-away a mild grunge aftertaste, I feel. Mirror shots would work well with this lady who has the gemini of demureness and naked ambition.|
Again, another beautiful digital art from you. I love how you drew the characters in black and white which shows what is happening. By doing the characters in black and white, the reader will pay more attention to what is happening in the story. I love how you drew the characters as animals in the top panels. While one of the girls has cat ears, the other girl has horns. I can see why you drew them as these animals. You did another amazing digital art and don't worry, practice makes perfect. Just keep trying and don't give up! Amazing dear.|
New outfit, new gear, new adventure! Brilliant work. Let's see... Vision: Epic to look at. Enough to give my readers insight to Michael in book six. Originality: Your signature style returns with all of its greatness. Body is proportionate. Not ultra-jacked and not too skinny. Perfect. Michael's new, longer hair looks great on him. Now that he's assumed full duty as the king of Arendelle, he has to look the part! Technique" Your shading is amazing to look at. Seriously, how do you do it? It's superb! Say goodbye to the red uniform, Michael's going blue for the final book! Impact: Pure excitement. I hope it does the same for my readers! Wondering what adventure is in store for the Guardians? Or why Michael is now dual-wielding! So much to look forward to. Thanks for your hard work and promoting the final chapter in the Guardians series. You deserve every point you get!|
Absolutly love it you really went in with the details in this piece. You noticed things I myself did not notice in the original picture such as the three colors that run down their strand of hair on their face. You also made the hair to a T. I was not expecting you to be able to recreate the colors from the other picture but you blew me away with the out come. You also altered Star Light to make him look more male not just the mussel but his tail too. Then looking at Star Bright I can see amazing work you did with her mane, that whole one direction that pony hair does can be tricky to work with but you seem to had had no problem at all with it as you worked it into a lovely angle. This came out better than I ever expected and I look forward to working with you again.|
While looking unbelievably beautiful and detailed, this awesome work of art lacks originality. This isn't really anything new and while that's really fine considering how much work was clearly put into this it does make me wonder how much more could be done with such skills... I truly hope this technique will be used a lot in the future and I hope even more that it will be used for more unique ideas than just... this... Well, enough about that... Now, here's what I think is awesome about this picture: -Sonic and Antoine look really good. The shading is amazing and really makes them look realistic. -The water is beautiful thanks to the work put into the reflections. -I think it was a good idea to make the background a bit blurry so Sonic and Antoine stick out well. -Simply just one of the best-looking Sonic pictures out there.|
Going for an overall rating, I give this picture 5 stars because of the effort you put into it. I can spot a few flaws that can be addressed in the future, such as Rainer's hind leg. The ends of the hoof shouldn't taper towards the ends, the ends should be wider. Baux's body looks longer than Rainer's and he has a thicker neck. Baux's hoof on Rainer's cheek could be longer, it doesn't end where his shoulder should be, nor does Rainer's. Both Baux and Rainer's tails look too flat, so perhaps practice on tail shape as well. I know next to nothing about proper shading, so I won't even go there.|
I am just amazed of your good job! At first - when you look at the eyes of the wolf, they could be real. You have caught the look of a wolf. Personally I like more the fur in its head than in its body. But you're done both so well. The wolf is made so sharply which is so good. But the background is like a opposite of it because it's not any kind of sharp but it lets the character to be the main point in the picture. It feels like the wolf is in a soft and irresolute forest. That's not bad but I was just wondering that if the background was sharp, could it change the feelings we have when we look at this..? Okay, the artist is you and you have chosen that way to do it! And you are so talented and everything.. I trust that you have done in the right way! Natural and magical in the same picture.. Good! :"D|
The art is marvelous! The lack colors make it have a great sensation of age. Making it look like an old photography. It really is marvelous. The coloring is also beautiful, and the pose is great. I love it. Do continue like this, because it's really nice. The detail may lack some on the scarf. But besides that, it's really great. The hair is well done, and the eye in the back is astoundingly good. The shadow, and shading is also very nice. With the splint of the eye showing in the background. It's very nice, do go on like this!|
In my opinion this picture is very felicitous, it appeals to me! What i like most is the position of her in the whole pitcture, the streaming hair, the shading and blending. Its fascinates me that I have the feeling shes watching me although her eyes seem to be hollow. The red sparks are a good addition to support the atmosphere emanate from her dramatic-melancholy face! When i viewed the picture a bit longer i wonder what this bit brighter spot at the left is and accordingly where it comes from if its light, but because it fits in the picture it doesnt disturbs me. All in all a excellent work! (hope my english was halfway corecct and you can understand everything ;D )|
I love this picture, it really makes a lot of sense to my eyes. The motion of the horse is very fluid and the attitude of the background really compliments the horse's demeanor. The tail flows very nicely with the horse's motion, the tip of the tail kind of gives that nice kick that emphasizes the energy this horse is giving off. And the mane has a nice flow that isn't needlessly exaggerated, you can see where the speed of the horse picks the mane up a little but doesn't toss it around in a barbaric that the horse isn't performing. You wonderfully complimented the horse's color with a 5 o'clock light to face to help bring out the brown, then added the nice blue to back to go with the grays. And the thing that just put the cherry on the top of this picture is the sparrow in the in front the emphasizes motion. The only thing I can say displeases me about the picture is the bit of mane behind the horse's neck. I know you wanted to show viewers that the mane is long and that you added some motion to it by pulling it back, but I really feel like that bit of mane throws the picture off a bit. It's "in motion" but it doesn't say that it's moving with the horse for me. The rest of the mane and tail is really pulled back, but then that bit of mane is just kind of sitting there as the horse is coming down on his stride. I think if maybe you broke the mane up into smaller chunks and gave it that bouncing motion like you did with the tail it might sit a bit better with the horse. Other than that, I love the attitude of the picture and the energy of the horse, this horse feels like a horse with purpose, the background feels calm and cool. The colors on the horse are crisp and nicely done. Very good piece.|
Very good piece, really catches my eye because of the elaborate detail in the sky and building. It's quite dark and mysterious, but I get the impression of being alone, In a dark and scary world. It is one of the best artwork I have seen in ages. Of it were brightened a little I expect more detail would be seen in this artwork but having it darkened adds to the affect. A very good piece that I personally have favourited for the impact of all the little detail in the overall piece. Thank you for reading this critique and I hope to do more.|
I absolutely love these. Now. Make adoptables. (Best ever review.) Hmmm what to do with a hundred words.... foot foot foot foot think. Think... I love the design on them, and I am in love with the more wolf-like one. I think the paws on the left creature could use a little bit more work, but other than that I can not find anything wrong with these. Now excuse me, my cat is sitting on my arm and AYIGfudabur That was him stepping on my keyboard. Enjoy my not useful critique, that means absolutely nothing. Love your stuff dude. Yeah.|
Hi , i just want to say that i think your art is really good, and that you are a tallented artist. And accept THE left eye that looks a bit like its on THE face instead of in THE face, there is not Much i can say About this. But when looking At your Gallery i see a few paintings very similar to tsitras paintings. And im not saying that your steal or copy. But i can appreciate smeones art Much more when i can see someones Style. And when i look At your art i can see thats you have found your won Style. For instantce when i got THE message for this deviation my first thought was that tsitra finished THE paintings from THE tutorial. And only on second look i saw that it was your painting. I have made a drawing Once that (not on perpose) looked a lot like a drawing from tsitra. So i got some comments saying did you copy this schoudnt you mension him. And i made me feel bad that i had to deffent my own art. So i dont know if think About it THE Same way but i would like having to explane that THE painting is yours and stuff. So there is not Much i can say About this painting. But i would really like you to see you develop your Style to be a bit more you. It would make your art look better to, because a pièce of tour personality is in your Style and your painting. I hope that you fine some use to my critiq. Sorry for THE bad english and keep up THE amazing artwork.|
Good detail. You've also made a good composition, how they are placed on the canvas. I gotta say though that you to add more focus on the work. Where do you want us to look? A little more attention to lighting could help and blurring out unimportant images, like the trees in the back could do help, too. I like the designs and overall feel! You could also add a little more motion to their actions to make it more dynamic. Maybe add some action lines or maybe make some of the clothing more flowing and add some flying debris that the giant wolf caused. Overall, still very nice!|
I know it's a little late but I haven't been to my folders in a while. So it's a shuttle, and you did a good job at making it the focal point by toning down the detail of Earth and the space around it and giving the shuttle itself a lot of detail. In contrast to Stargazer2112's critique, I'll nit-pick even more at how it could be even more realistic than it is now (whitch, by the way, I like how it isn't some Gundam mobile armor battle platform, even though its only like 2025 or something). The overall design looks like it was meant for cutting through the atmosphere at high speed after taking off from an airfield, and since it isn't turning it's understandable that the rudders aren't the most important thing. However, the fact that they're just small means they're more prone to snapping off in the atmosphere, causing the shuttle to be destroyed upon re-entry. I also noticed the engine trail was orange, implying an oxygen based reaction. Assuming that 15 or 20 years down the road it still took a while to get anywhere in space, It would need a more efficient engine if it were to ferry cargo or make many trips (like an ion engine, which would have a blue engine trail). That's all, but very good, and way to keep it feasible for the time period it's in.|
This Art work is out of this world "literally". I think this art work deserves much love and is one of many amazing artistic talents put to use. I personally think it is a beautiful scene of a dream or a combination of a real dream. The artist did a great job with the theme. This artist also has done an excellent job with the colors and with his imagination. I am terrible at literacy and have probably got some of it wrong but all I have to say is this artist has great talent and I am glad I have seen this art work.|
it's really cute there's nothing cuter then this drawing right if there was an drawing contest this drawing will win first prize the vision is awesome the originality is great the technique is cute and the impact is great there is no cuter draw then this it puts the cute in cuteness this is the most cutest drawing i seen my whole life is so very cute thanks you for drawing it for me CraftyAllie your awesome it's so very very very very very cute I can't think of nothing cuter then this drawing right here your awesome. so cute!!!|
First of all, I absolutely love the Hunger Games series. I saw The Hunger Games & Catching Fire in the theaters, and I'm so excited for Mockingjay to come out. As far as the drawing though, as excellent as it was, I found some tiny errors in it that I feel I need to address. Your vision and impact are excellent because it is what it's supposed to be, and it came across that way. However your technique in this artwork is amateurish, but I'm more than positive that it can be improved if you work on it. You can look at Merrill Kazanjian's tutorials on YouTube to improve your work. www.youtube.com/channel/UCJatW… It really is a very good piece of art though and I look forward to seeing more from you.|
Beautiful shading! Plenty of contrast, however I suggest to make it a tad lighter so you can exactly see her original scheme. Pretty writing as well! Other than that, the flowers could use only slight more detail, or variety (e.g pansies, delia, ect). Repeating on the shading, try to make a more clear light source/where it is coming from. I really envy the eyes (hell yeah eyelashes!). The scales are nicely rounded, and the under scales (I think that's what you call them?) are nicely spaced and placed. Through and through, phenomenal art as usual, keep it up! //really your art is hella amazing !|
Okay, Overall let me just say, this is a really awesome drawing o.o However, I think the tail needs a little more work! Maybe the tail could be just a little tiny bit down some more (so under the buttons a little) or you can have it like that just make it maybe a little longer and furrier? Also, since you added gloss, I think the fingers COULD maybe have a little gloss in them? he he.. Oh and one last thing, The hair is a nice color and the gloss looks nice but I just want to say, The hair could have a little more spikes in it and less curves (I looked at the character myself from his profile and it has more spikes so I think on here it could look better with more spikes!! ) The bottom of the left prison leg could also use a little more shading right before it hits the foot But hey, overall it is really awesome and cute for his character and it's nice for you to give him something for his birthday Great job! *claps*|
I'm still trying to come to terms that one of my favorite actors has left this world. He was a comic legend and a terrific actor. I hope that Robin Williams will find peace with the angels, making them laugh and cry. Though he was fantastic in many roles, the Genie will always be my favorite. This drawing of the Genie is so well done; this is one of my favorite expressions of his, and you've captured it so well. Thank you so much for drawing this. It is really such a sweet tribute to a great legend. Wonderful job.|
To begin with, I'd like to say that I'm not an expert and words below reflects my private opinion and might be wrong. I hope that my critique will be useful for you Model: If it goes about my private taste, she might have had more fancy outfit. What she has isn't highlighting her superiority over tiny people. But it might be the case that she just grew and didn't have time to order people of London to make her better outfit ^^ If it goes about collaging, you cut her very precisely. Even smallest hair was rendered carefully. For me it is the most difficult part of cutting out, so I can say you've done it very well. Her colours match the background and the shadow she casts looks real and reasonable. All those efforts make her look realistic. Background: First of all it is worth highlighting that you've found a background that allows you to use 100% of the potential of the model picture. I like her legs bridging the Times river - clever idea. Moreover bits and pieces you added makes it far more detailed and interesting. You did a great job with falling building, debris under her butt and smokes on her left hand side. What IMO could be done better is the building where she rests her toes - it is not broken at all. I think that such heavy foot of her should do some minor damage at least that could be presented for instance by adding some smoke or cloud of dust. To sum up: It's a very fine collage and you are very skilled. You do a very fine collages and animations and it's very kind of you that you share your masterpieces with us What I can advice is that you can possibly utilize your other skill of enlarging breasts more often and maybe combining it with giantess collages. You are doing it with good dose of common sense and therefore morphs you do look realistic and reasonable. Such morph could highlight giantess's superiority and her goddesshood.|
This is by far one of the most beautiful things I've encountered on dA. I can tell that you put a lot of blood, sweat and tears into this one drawing. The title name causes a major impact to your watchers or other deviants' eyes. They see the name of this work of art and look at it in awe. Dash-of-L0yalty, you have done a outstanding job, and I hope to see more amazing work from you in the future. You deserve many favs for this beautiful work. (Hopefully I did good on this critique...it's my first one.) ~From MonochromeFuji|
I was a member of Deviantart for a long long time, despite what it may look like by now. For years, I was browsing pictures around the website, and I knew just well what will I see from the Sonic fanbase. It was good and original, or bad and recolored official character. Here, I think I have found the right balance without going into the bad and recolored. The desing is great, the colors are matching and the clearness of the drawing makes it look pretty nice. Her clothes are pretty much what we may call "civil war" style and we clearly get that she knows what she is doing. The only dark spot on it would be the hand, but it's always hard to draw for everyone except hand fetishers. Same goes for the feet. The fact is that people try their best to show that every fingers are there wjile in fact, most of the time, you can't see all of them. So it's a pretty nice and admirable drawing and I hope to see more of that artist.|
Okay, I know that critique's are supposed to have criticisms with them, but I really, really like this piece. I can't really find anything wrong with it, and after looking through your gallery, I think that it is an amazing addition. Your artwork deserves 5 stars on originality and your vision and impact are just amazingly excellent. (even though I know that makes no sense) It's extremely colorful and makes your artwork pop! Which is really good considering it's supposed to be this way in the first place, because when you envision a piece called "Paint the Sky," I would think that you would imagine something colorful. Anyways, keep up the good work, and I look forward to seeing more.|
Nicely rendered piece. The background works well against the in-focus foreground elements. P. sternbergi has visible manual digits I-IV, but I, II and II aren't apparent in your reconstruction. To my knowledge, the only pterosaur which lacks its manual digits (other than the 'wing finger') is Nyctosaurus. Also, your animal lacks pycnofibres - is that deliberate? Unless there is direct, fossil evidence for a pterosaur lacking pycnofibres ('fuzz'), I would give it a generous coat. Depending on how you render the fuzz, you can use it to mask some of the harsher body contouring - in particular, where the wing chord attached to the body. I had to pad that out a bit to make the hundred word minimum, but the take-home point is the digit count. Hope that all helps.|
(Please realize that everything I am about to say is only for your benefit and not to cut you down in anyway what so ever. Please do not take it like I am flaming you, because I am not) The motion in this is really great. I like the background you did, however, if you wanted to make a bigger impact, use a contrasting color from the character. Since the Yellow obviously has a yellow/orange color scheme you may want to use a blue back ground next time. While I do like the out stretched arm (very inviting), her other arm is a bit askew from proper anatomy, and I am pretty sure her hand is backwards... Try experimenting with different poses for arms. Overall, you portrayed her really well. She is one of my favorite Pokemon Adventures characters, and you drew her very cute. Keep up the good work, and never fade friend|
I'll try and give you a fair critique and leave drama out of this. Vision/Originality: I do see what you were trying to do and its not a bad idea. But Pony Creator has only limited selections of hair, color, etc. I've seen many ponies similar to this (ie hair and color) Red and white are used a lot. Try to use a shade a red that's easier on the eyes. Technique: Same as what I said up there. Don't use Pony Creator. Only as a last resort. I'd love to see how you'd draw this character. Download free programs such as FireAlpaca or online programs like SumoPaint, and read up on tutorials of how to draw ponies. Impact: I'm quite fond of this Christmas-inspired pony, really. Just, as I and many others said, please don't use Pony Creator. Tutorials I would recommend: fav.me/d585rsu fav.me/d4ybs7m fav.me/d4v0j0x Good Luck!|
Too much detail in teeth; I personally don't think we should be able to make out every single indent that separates each tooth from the other. Also, tongue doesn't look normal, even for a zombie. I looks miss colored. You have waaaaaaaaay too many teeth to being with. I don't think even zombies with wisdom teeth have both top and bottom teeth hooked up to the jaw in any way, shape or form. That isn't human like, alive or dead, anyway. Also, its left check bone appears to be too far out, well away from were is should be. Even a deform/receding skin shouldn't get like that. Consider looking good at some human skulls [just do some Google Imaging searches]...think that will help you a lot here. I do like the lack of upper lip. The eye detail is really good, and it seems appropriate that only one eye is actually working [assuming the other one is even in his skull. Blood and cuts seem even...not too much excess, but enough too tell you this zombie has seen action at least once. It's very hard to tell which way his body is facing, and if the zombie has his head turned. Considering all the scars on his face I'd think there'd be some holes and/or blood on that shirt. I don't know what you're doing with the right shoulder, it looks too high compared to the left one. Personally, I think he has a bit too much hair. I'd think he'd be missing some, and that what he DOES have would be a complete mess. Looks like the zombie here knows how to use a brush. I don't think most zombies know what a brush even is, let alone how to use one. It looks like he has an elf ear. If most of his ear is torn off, wouldn't there be at least a little dried blood on his head and right shoulder? He looks angry. Like that. He seems to be lacking most of his neck, assuming one is even there. It looks like his head is kind of glued directly to his collar bone. The nose looks a little weird. Nostrils are flared, which looks pretty good as it adds to the angry look. But his nose seems very thin. Especially the middle of it. I'm not an expert on cartridge [the stuff you ears, nose, and several other things are made of], but I would think it would take about as long [maybe a little bit less] time for it to rot alongside skin. He seems to have no left jaw muscles in his cranium that are still intact. It looks good, and explains the drooped jaw. Like that, but wouldn't there be a little flesh or tissue were those muscles once lay? Can't make out his chin too well. Enjoy the wrinkles. Good idea. And you managed to add enough to really show the rotting, but didn't add to many to make it look like he's due for a dry-cleaning. Well done. Overall, good work. Really enjoy this. Too many teeth, and the skull and nose seem deformed. Great work, and I hope you keep it going!|
Upon seeing that you requested a critique, here are my notes: 1. Something about his skin tone feels a bit off to me. It's a bit too orange I think. Remember that some colors look different when placed with other colors. 2. On the topic of color, the brown on TBT is a bit dark for this composition and you lose some of the details on him. 3. Mark's fist: definitely practice anatomy more (specifically hands) because it looks like you gave him 2 sets of knuckles and the lines between the fingers aren't as close to the knuckle as they should be. Overall, this is a good picture, the angle is interesting, and the use of blur is perfect for the situation and draws the viewer's focus to his face and fist. Just keep my observations in mind if you ever edit this drawing.|
This poem has a GREAT impact with WONDERFUL technique. It makes a lot of people question their life or how their heart is. I only have one problem with this, and that is originality. This just has the air and feeling that I have seen this a bunch before, but I am not certain. Maybe it is just me seeing a lot of things like "Favorite if you like Jesus" and such. The vision you had seeing this was likely very thoughtful, but it could have used a bit more work. All in all, this was LOVELY poem and does deserve to be know a bit better.|
Stunning and very well done. I'd give an even better critique if even knew how you produced such beatuiful pieces. I can't help but give high scores because this piece is just that attractive in talent and appearance. I will admit, that it took a second look to realize that there was a clock inside of the eye. When I first gazed at the image, I could only think of ice, or chills, and I still feel the same way. A remarkable piece indeed, and I can't wait for your future works that really catch my eye. I can't point out any flaws because I love everything about the image. If I'm not mistaken, it appears that there are hidden images in the vision of the eye. Well, maybe not hidden but I can see it as a reflection of what is being seen in the eye. A powerful piece added to my collection. Awesome work!|
AWWW!!!!!!! SO CUTE! Sorry for the 4.5, It's hard for me to imagine stuff with ADHD. This is so beautiful!!!! It took me minutes to figure out who Lovino was at first but then I figured it out. I am also depressed so I can compare to this. It made me sad to read this because of how emotional it was. Keep writing stories like this! The song you picked out is perfect for the story theme. I love the ending, it brought a smile to my face! I can just go on and on about this but I probably shouldn't keep on going on.|
It's good, I like it. especially the red line of his visor moves. also, you made a mistake at the mouth, the mouth is supposed to be smiling. that is if you were doing the helmet from Discovery. ...nothing more to say GOOD JOB! I put vision to 3.5 is because my eyesight not very good, and it was hard to see the details of your artwork. its not your fault though... I need glasses. Thomas and Guy would love this icon... I talked to them, but I'm NOT saying how sorry. all i have to say, but here is a link to Daft Punk's documentary they're making... www.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/worl…|
Let me say this piece is completelly amazing I completelly love it! There's something in it that makes me look at it and get lost in every detail. The colours you choose are fantastic, I can see you painted with a lot of different colours but you made them look fantastic and well blended. I love the atmosphere of this piece, I can feel some kind of mistery and magic, as well as calm. You really made an excellent job, I'm going to look at your other works because It's worth it. Go on with such talent you have. Cheers|
What could i say about this that everyone in the comment section hasnt? not much.Vision, looks amazing but i cant look at the picture without noticing the blank spaces between starks and his hand, its better then anything i can do. Originality , Ive never seen anything like this on TV often have you? Technique , nice usage of tools and hand(mouse) drawn , again better than anything i can do. Impact , While the impact wasnt very heavy on the view it still is a dog giving you the finger. All in all it still is a great pieace of art . Fantastic job.|
The lighting is amazing. The sea water looks absolutely beautiful! The small wave rolling in adds to the mood this seems to give off: calm. The say a picture is worth a thousand words... this is worth so much more. The details in the sand are like a snowflake - unique. What else is that not one tiny bit of the picture is blurry, and the angle, plus the position of the objects, is perfect. And don't mind me, I'm going to be mesmerized by the non-glaring sun for a few moments more. This is just... so pretty. If I had the funds, I would certainly hang this on my wall! Amazing work; I hope to see more from you!|
This photograph is sublime! What a marvellous, powerful work! I'm not at all sure I can actually offer a 'critique' as such, because I really cannot find anything about it I would criticize. It is simply wonderful! Absolutely breathtaking in its vision and its execution. So striking and engaging and enthralling; multi-layered and multifaceted in all the feelings and ideas it intimates and evokes. Ultimately, I feel, a vision of strength, frailty, mystery, longing, courage and hope. If "Wow!" counts as a critique, then this is my critique. Thank you for sharing your vision. And congratulations on achieving a stunning work of art!|
Alright, this is my first critique so don't judge me plz. Vision: I just really need to say this one is really cute~ I can't resist cuteness, although you still have a lot of space to improve, I still need to say this one is really cute.^u^ Originally: Well I believe you made this all by yourself, and seems like broke through art block, however eevee is still a pokemon... Sorry but I can only give 4.5 on originally...(Star is still a wonderful OC! ^^) Technique: As I said in the vision, you still have a lot of space to improve, but I still can see your improvement, I need to say, good job at this, but I need to be objective, so I can only give you 3.. Impact: To be honest I was surprised by this one, compares to your other arts, this one is really hard to ignore, You made it wonderfully. Anyway I really like this one, good job! ^w^|
(återigen skriver jag den här på engelska ) Another great dinosaur! I´d have to struggle really hard to find any inaccuracies on this one Primalk (the other dude who wrote a critique) stated that the head looked weird, however, as someone who has looked at a real Ankylosaurus skull, i must respectfully disagree, as it looks largely right from the angle it´s represented. The armor plating looks right to me aswell. Also, there is no evidence for the spikes at the tail club, and i don´t really see what use they would have done for the animal, since the power of the club would be largely the same, however, they are not impossible, so i can´t really count that as bad. One thing i did note is that Ankylosaurs is quite "fat": s6.postimg.org/7fgy2i00x/Euopl… And i´m not sure on how well represented that is here, but from this angle it´s hard to see, so i can´t count that as bad either Overall good job|
Todo te ha salido muy bien, sobre todo el "impacto" del dibujo. Los colores oscuros juntos con la expresión feroz del dragon ciertamente da una impression inolvidable! También es obvio que tu sabes como dibujar digitalmente, te ha quedado muy bien! Lo único que no creo que sea de cinco estrellas es la originalidad (es eso una palabra??). En verdad yo he visto muchos dibujos de dragones, y aunque este es genial, no tiene nada que nunca he visto, tampoco. Pero lo demas quedo tan perfecto que en realidad no le quita nada al dibujo! Lo hicistes muy bien! felicidades!|
This is a really fun picture, and not just because I can totally see these three guys doing something like this, but at the same time I also get the feeling that all three secretly have the desire to shoot one another at the same time. A really schizophrenic friendship can be seen between these three mentally unstable individuals, and I love it! The style you used to draw them is a bit different than what I'm use to seeing, and while I do like it, I feel there are a few minor problems with it, two specifically: 1. Though the picture creates a very unique friendship between the three (half of the impact is knowing their personalities & backgrounds, the other half is having played their respective games and seen them in action), something about the art style, I can't exactly tell what it is because I'm not a visual artist, but to me SOMETHING in it makes them seem like the three of them are not in the same world despite the "photo". Vaas' outline is not as prominent as the Psycho's or the Pyro's (specifically on his forehead and in his shoulders) which doesn't make him "pop" as much as the other two. 2. Vaas was (arguably) the main villain of Far Cry 3, Pyro is a key member of a band of mercenaries, the Psycho however is a minor enemy in a sea of grunts that die easily from a bullet to the head. While he is featured on the front of every borderlands game, nevertheless he is still a minor character. If it had been me, I would've gone with Krieg, who is also a psycho, but is aditionally a main character that you can play as, and therefore has a bigger role than a minor enemy. All in all though, this is still a very fun picture with a very twisted, clearly worrying friendship. What will they do after the picture? Sell some people to slavery? BBQ a bunch of people in blue shirts? Ride a meat bicycle made for three? We can but speculate|
woahhh so cute . an sleeping little cta with wings and fish tail the collours are very beautiful and the shine effects on the glasses (or whatewer ) is very awasome . here are the shadings not so many but really good. the paws looking very good and tail is well. very awasome pic and artstyle. i say it again very awasome . i like the smile on the Chara ^^ and thats an soooo awasome Fishtailcat with wings . very lovely and nice ,cute artstyle and god job did you work on these ^^. i wish to see more art of it ,because its so cuttttteeeee|
This is a Very interesting way to draw! The white out lines were a nice touch all around the dark ones And it's particular to see that white like over the fins(?) in the tail. I was wondering, though, how did you add the texture? it looks fantastic! The color of the outlines here were quite wisely choosen, it makes a great job in showing off the colors and shapes, i bet the one that comissioned it were rather pleased with your work. Did you add the shadow effect on some other program? it does a darling job too. Keep up the great job!|
The way you've shaded with pink gives a special look to the character, atleast not so plain (the texture helps a bunch here aswell, haha) I am unsure if the red used for most of the outline ,if not actually all of it, was the best color to use.. or in that amount. tte way you've joined the shapes on the chest and paws to make a continuous line looks interesting! And so does the curve-straight differences all over this drawing Once again in delight with your white outlines and the way you manage to make it all straight on the lower part, simply perfect for a page decoration or a lovely sticker.. Keep up the great work!|
Flowers are beautiful, interesting and exotic that is why people love them. Take a picture they say it will last longer, and here you have captured the beauty of these exotic flowers. The colors are bright, vivid and eyecatching. This piece certainly grabs the viewers attention. There is a contrast between the live petals and the withering petals. This draws the eye to the center, the focal point of the picture. This image truly speak the beauty of nature. It shows how something like a flower can be even more beautiful then the most complicated manufactured, man made piece. For natural beauty is difficult to compete with. This is an excellent photo and a job well done.|
Man this piece is just... just breathtaking! There must have been so much time and effort put into this work, its unbelievable. And the details are just amazing. Getting a close look shows you just how far this artist went to be as accurate as possible. From the over growth, to the broken screens, they even made it look like dirt was on the characters arms and clothes. Then the coloring in this piece is just absolutely mind boggling. Everything is just spot on. I think this is an amazing piece, and it definitely deserved that DD! Awesome Work!! ^_^|
An interesting series, Femfan1, and obviously one that required a lot of time and effort to set up. Thank you for sharing, and kudos to you for seeking critical feedback. Pluses (and there are a *lot* of them): * The lighting and feel: This is a huge plus, in my opinion. Those of us of a certain age remember the look of 50s and 60s TV shows and films set in the African savannas, and you really captured that high-contrast, starkly lit feel. * The plot/concept: It's a sad ending (in my gut, I'd rather she had beat him senseless, lol) but it works in an Old-West-gunslinger-shot-in-the-back sort of way - tale of hubris, betrayal, etc. * The jungle queen morph and texture: Stereotypical B-movie jungle queen - absolutely fits with the B-movie-era look of it. Really well done. * Some genuinely fabulous poses/compositions. In particular: #4 - an absolutely classic, almost Bond-girl visual #10 and 13 - the Big Bad's sneakiness with the knife is very well portrayed #16 and 17 - I love the body positioning as she's stabbed #26 and 27 - the best of the lot, I think; great work with the water, and in 26, where it almost seems as if he's finger-wagging at her #25 - I really love the composition on this one - less so the Jungle Queen's pose, though (see Minuses, below) Neutrals (things that really didn't impact my reaction, but that I might consider tinkering with): * #27 is brilliant, but if you were to ever redo it, I'd consider playing with the wind-blown morphs on the hair, to see if it would spread more widely in the back without curling oddly or breaking the water surface * I'm not quite sure about the bikini choice - too modern looking, espec. the metal rings on the bottom - but it's a minor thing, and I understand being limited in alternatives (it had to be available in your runtime, first and foremosr; and it had to be easily magnetized for all of the motion poses) * In #1, the Jungle Queen seems too close to the action to be in that half-heroic, half-catwalk pose - I would have expected her to be more crouched and positioned more distantly. While I get the idea that she's being incautious generally (thus leading to her demise), that one just didn't work for me from a hunting/defensive perspective. Minuses (which may appear lengthy, but I want to be sure that I explain myself thoroughly): * I was ambivalent at best about most of the Jungle Queen's poses after she was stabbed and before she fell into the water. Going rigid, as she appears to do, would be pretty unlikely with a wound like that. Either you'd nick the spinal cord, in which case she would just drop, or she would be struggling more. By 23 or 24, if she was still standing, her torso would be sagging rather than ramrod-straight; and legs would be wobbly, probably bent at the knees and with some thigh rotation. * Similarly, her facial expressions in that sequence don't quite match what's happening to her. There is more surprise than shock, without a lot of noticeable struggle or pain. I would have expected to see softened versions of the sort of expressions you find in kits like Darkworld's Catfight or Tempesta3D's Wild Fury. I do know that harsher expression morphs are hard to manage without diminishing the attractiveness of a face - stock expressions of horror or pain often cause distortion, especially in the brow and the nose. Still, that's correctable to a degree by re-balancing sneer/pout, reducing nose wrinkle, modifying inner vs outer brow position, etc. Because of the issues with pose and expression later in the series, I rated a bit lower on technique than I would have for other work I've seen in your Deviations library, but want to close by again praising your concept, set design, main character design, and overall execution. Really great stuff.|
Overall, I really like it. I like the style, and I like the use of color. I also like the attention to detail, such as the lens flare effect on the moon, and the sparkles on Twilight's horn. The reflections / specular highlights in the eyes also add a really nice touch of realism I really like the blend between cartoon and realism that you've created with this piece. As far as areas that I see for improvement, there are a couple. The first, is that Twilight's posture looks kind of stiff and unnatural, almost as if she doesn't have any joints in her legs except at the shoulders. It looks as if she's standing on an upward sloping ground, but her front hooves are kind of floating instead of resting on the ground. Her ears look disproportionately long too. Her back also looks unnaturally rigid and straight, which I think is part of the reason her front hoof aren't situated on the ground quite right. One other issue is that it almost appears she has five legs. I'm not sure what that is behind her left foreleg, but it looks almost like a right foreleg. If it's a shadow, I'm not sure what it would actually be projecting onto. Second area where I see room for improvement is where the two heads of the hydra come together. It looks as if the two heads are actually colliding with each other because there isn't any sense of depth there. I suspect that probably wasn't what you intended. Those are the pretty much the only three issues I see with this piece. Like I said, I really like the use of color, and the attention to effects like the lens flare on the moon, and the reflection / specular highlights. Nice job!|
I could say that this was a great pice of art. It had some oginalllity i gives me a good vision of whats going on the technique is not bad ethier. I litterally felw back in my seat it had a great impact It was a very good drawing overall i really liked the color in contrast The light and the dark side of Shadow. wow you really out did your self on this peice of artwork I got to say all the effects are very well shown in this pice of art of angel and demon Shadow it is truly amazing|
Not just because you're my cousin either! You've got an amazing eye for such intricate photos! I LOVE how the bridge disappears into the clouds and how you captured its rustic and chilling look that most people don't think about when they think of this bridge!! It is simply amazing! The water looks deathly chilling and although in the corner there the sunlight makes it less so I still love it and is that an old broken building to the bottom right of the bridge?! Simply creepy! I adore it! Keep those photos coming missy I enjoy looking at every single one!|
Okay, I'm not skilled in giving critiques, but I'd like to try my hand at it, since you wanted some! Vision: The point of view in this shot is fitting, somehow. As thought the person viewing the wolf is hiding from it, sort of like the prey as it tries to be unnoticed by the predator. I like that! Originality: I can't say much for this, since animal photography isn't something I usually keep up with. Still, I've never seen a wolf photographed so up close, so this is definitely unique in that aspect! Technique: I think you did well here, but I think the trees in the foreground are a bit distracting, and I end up staring at them instead of the wolf sometimes. Impact: Tons of it! Looking at this photograph really makes me feel like the wolf is searching for ME! I hope I did a good job with the critique! All in all, I really like it! Keep up the good work, francesco|
This is a really cute panda! I love how from the artwork you can tell that the panda just ate a lot of bamboo. The scenery is picturesque, and using crosshatching for shading is a pretty good technique for sketches. I think it would be a good idea to erase the basic lines that you started with (the outline) and color it in. That is all you need to do improve your already beautiful artwork. How long did this take you by the way? Anything less than 2 weeks would surprise me. It seem it took a lot of effort and time.|
Nice drawing. It looks like the life-size types in museums. But I think you could've made it more interesting if made it more colorful. Like say, a green, red, yellow, and blue Zebra stripe pattern. Or a Quail pattern of purple and orange. There are many colors and patterns to choose from. you can look up many pattern types in the zoology books. And you can think of the many colors you would want to use. You don't haft to do that really. I'm just saying that as a reminder for your insight. No offense intended of course. Just saying.|
Wow amazing work, this has to be one of my favorites. I love the style, detail and overall feel you guys portrayed. This piece needs no explanation behind the story, as the picture speaks for itself. The expressions are nicely done and the choice of colors help set the tone for the scene. I love the sort of roughness that is used for this as it also helps contribute to the mood. I've yet to see a better colab piece that both person's side flows so well. Keep up the good work, I can't wait to see more like this!|
The minion in this picture is funny, and the way it acts like pewdiepie is even more funny, I'd say its a pretty good picture. I do hate the 100 word minimum on these critiques because its soooooooooo annoying to write a hundred words to say what you think about the picture instead of a minimum of 20? 30? 40? I don't know, but this picture is great along with the other pictures she made including cut the rope and more minion pictures, and also pictures with her ocs starring in them, I'd say she's a very swell artist and you should like her too.|
Okay, I absolutely love this. The concept. The execution. All of it is absolutely wonderful! I don't really know how much critique I can offer in terms of helping improve the image, but I'll give it a shot. The first thing that pops out at me is her left nipple. While so much care has been taken to cover everything else, her left nipple looks like it was meant to be covered but was forgotten about. For simple cohesiveness, I would have brought his hand over a little further. Maybe there wasn't enough room to do this, I don't know how difficult it would be do hug a person around a pane of glass, but if it could be done, that's the first thing I would suggest. I like the low vibrancy, low saturation look to the image. It definitely enhances that "ghostly" feel, but I'm not a huge fan of the lighting. I think I would have kept it just as soft, but for me, putting your softbox just above her head, offering a downward angle to the light, would have helped the bottom portion of the frame fall off into darkness a little more, helping to add to the ethereal feel of the image (in my opinion). I think I would have also moved her hands somewhere else. I don't know if they were necessary to hold the pane of glass in place or not, but to give her that ghostly feel, and then to see her hands, pulls me out of the "story" or doesn't allow me to suspend my disbelief enough to follow through with the ghostly feel.|
This is great! I like the swirling atmosphere you have created here - it definitely reminds me of some time I spent around a hippie commune in central west alabama. Upon looking at the hand it is immediately obvious what is going on, and her mind is indeed being blown. I like the nature theme because it definitely gives the impression this is not a negative feeling, while the extreme way in which everything is flying out of her head gives an immediate sense of how powerful it is. My favorite thing though would have to be your art style itself - everything has this flowing, liquid feel to it that really sells what you're going for here which is why I've rated the technique so highly. I would say though that there is room for improvement on this point - it is liquid to a point of distraction at times - for example the nose is "melting" even though it is wood 100% of where it is melting. If for example, it turned to wax or a liquid as it melted this would not look so off putting. I do, however, like where the smoke turns to bubbles in the left center section! That is very cool. Everything else is beyond my ability to say why it did not impact me any more than it did, other than that paintings of this nature were so familiar to me I was wondering if the hippie girl I had met there was the one who drew this very same thing, which is why I rated the originality about 3 stars. Good work, in any case.|
Well, I gotta say, this is amazing. I love it so much! Thank you Lightning. The shading looks awesome and blends perfectly. The hair and Tail look great as well. I just wish the cutie mark was on there. But still, this is amazing. Thanks for taking time out of your day to make this. <3 Perfect shape, perfect colors, you got it all right! It looks so good! I just can't believe it!!! ^w^ Again, thank you SO SO SO SO MUCH!!! I am favoriting this right now. I love it I love it I love it! Thank you. <3|
Awesome piece! I'm not to good on anatomy when it comes to four-legged creatures but I do know a little bit about water backgrounds! If you want him to blend more into the background, maybe try adding lighter blue shading onto his top half (since it's closest to the surface) And a dark shade of blue to his bottom half. You can also do water webbing, to help give him a bit more depth into the background. Experiment with bubbles a lot of people have their own style when it comes to making them, maybe make the bubbles more transparent and add a some lighter color on the bottom and a little speck on the top of the bubbles to make it look more realistic. Great job though! <: I hope this helps some at least.|
Ooo, the colors are stunning! The combo is great! I wouldn't think all those colors would go so nicely. From the pose to the light reflecting off of the googles/glases it's perfect! The drawing to is perfect as well. The other thing I think is perfect is the fact you can't tell what kind of creature it is!! I love how that is, and how it looks like a lot of creatures!! Good Job! I've looked through all your art and I think this is my favorite. ~Sapphires-graphics PS. I'm looking forward to see a lot more of your art!!|
Is this a ciclops? interesting! And so is the way you manage to make the lower part of your drawing straight to fit your signature right there, it makes the drawing look pretty profesional.. like if it were gonna be a banner for some special page! lovely. How do you manag to make such pretty white outlines, by the way? They look really steady (if that's the word) I am unsure of the way you wanted to draw that meat (if cartoony or not as much?) but it's the only object i'd recommend you to keep redrawing some other time, it all looks darling but im sure the meat could look like wonders with some more details! even if cartoony Keep up the great job!|
First of all, I don't know if you wanted to do it that way, buy the hair should'n have that perfectly form, it should have some wild little hairs and also i think a character like Yellow, who lives at the forest would not have perfect hair tips like she has just cut it. But, I repeat, maybe this is you style and if you do it that way then ignore what I said I'll say that in the left leg, the calf is bigger than in right leg. Congratulations with the movement because you did it very well and it has no odd positions. Y also like the shadows and lights. Postscript: If there's something I said you don't understand (with regard to language) It's because I'm Spanish and I not perfect at English, so I took a little bit help from Google translator|
a cat with a fish tail, is it like water? I think yes. but and the aviator glasses and wings, he like air too!! =O he is a animal from earth, water and air xD the blue remember water. the gray is a good collor for a cat. but the wings is natural or artificial? he put the wings or he born with the wings? vision ok, originality very original pokemon like? your technique is better than mine impact ok technique you draw better than me xD but I don't know how to draw please visit my deviantart and my facebookpage!|
What I love about this portrait of you, is, well, you! Your expression in this and your pose along with your fur coat all give a feeling of an evening rendezvous that will be filled with lust and sensuality. Also the soft focus adds to that feeling, too, but you are definitely the center point of this shot. I like the late night feel of the sun in the background, too, with it's somewhat long shadows that adds to the evening meeting as well as the warmth of the yellow wall next to you. While it may not be original in its setting, the emotion you bring to this portrait is definitely one of a kind.|
please visit my deviantart and my facebookpage! is it hungry? he have only one eyes? this eyes is confused what is that, a medal? the texture is very good! but what about fur? what about draw with fur texture xD xD vision ok, originality very original pokemon like? your technique is better than mine impact ok technique you draw better than me xD but I don't know how to draw blabla blabla I need points to have a premium membership and that's why I'm writing here, I sow in a comunity that give points to gave critique xD|
wow, first off, beautiful piece!~ i was intrigued by the nice deep blues surrounding this piece, it creates a very cool, magical and almost relaxing atmosphere the feathers further create a sense of fable, pulling the viewer into this piece of mystery~ the figure looks great, the anatomy isn't too shabby!~ the main issue for me here is the source of light. according to his garments the light is hitting him from behind. if you followed this light through and covered his skin with abit more shadows i think he would've look alot more mysterious, captivating the viewer even more and making more sense of the lighting. you could also brighten up his eyes at this point as well just for visual impact highlighting his hair abit more too is an option since hair absorbs more light than skin. with the feathers i think you could learn to blur some of them out because by doing this you'll be able to create depth within the drawing. for instance you can have the set of feathers closer to the viewer blurred, the ones around the figure focused and the last set of feathers blurred out. by applying size to this you will have easily created a deeper level of depth in your artwork. lastly just be abit more careful with where and the amount of gradient you use on the artwork. from here there seems to be too much of a complete black gradient at the top. rather than that you should frame the drawing with a light gradient so that it focuses the attention towards the center to highlight the main figure of the drawing. hope this critique wasn't too harsh and that it helps you in the future! overall, beautiful painting! i love kratos and the ToS series too! keep it up! and always do your best! happybounce:|
I think you did pretty well on this one. I do think that you could of zoomed in more so wee can see the detail more. I can't see the eyes at all in this one. I do liked how you got it more lighter, though. The other one was too dark. Nice to get to see it better now. Will you do them with all of the ones that were too dark? I just want to know. I like that you added just enough of detail in this one. I bet likes this one. I really do. Great job!|
I think Snivy is really great. I do think that you could of zoomed out just a little so we can see it's other foot. We only see one. I also think that the foot should be moved over a little too, so it is more inline with the other one. It is okay kicking up, but just move it over to the right a little. Other than those points, great job. I bet you will win the contest. That is how good I think you are. Also, are you the only on in the contest? It is strange that I haven't got any messages from anyone yet. So I was just wondering if you did. Great job on Snivy!|
this is so awesome! I really like the way you draw them together. this is like my second favorite couple! keep it up friend!!!! Though don't go to my gallery 'cuz I can't post a freaking picture in my profile. curses freaking e-mail. I just know I have it right. But no, the freaking computer says is wrong. ppl, I know my phone number, my address, my name, my birthday, my password, my dutties (or however you spell it.), and my darn e - mail and they tell me that is wrong!? UGH! WHAT A PAIN IN THE BUTT!!!! but anyway, keep it up 'cuz you never know when you will need that awesome art skills of yours.|
Vision: The vision of this piece is absolutely beautiful. You are able to see the detail from his outfit that some people might take out and/or not focus on. The beauty of this picture shows a large amount of emotion. Originality: In my personal opinion I have seen a few images of Kirito in this similar position which cause the position to grow a bit...tiring? But the detail you use to show his fabric definition, along with the large about of detail in the eyes and hair gives you a different perspective. Technique: Your technique is absolutely amazing. Your technique is what I have been wishing to have my skill level go up to someday. But with Kirito the technique comes out quite well. It gives you a sense of semi-realism but that feeling of a detailed painting. Its quite beatiful. Impact: Impact of this image is quite amazing. It makes me want to go back to this anime and re-watch it and think of the beauty of the anime and what inspired to create the image. But not only that, it shows what hard work, and all will get you. Conclusion: The overall piece is beautiful, I would love to see an anime in this type of detail, but then again, I would also just to watch the original anime. Kirito is quite a character and you captured him quite beautifully.|
woah such i cute and cool style . I like the look and design from the Chara . the collours and shadings are great . Good job and the eyes are very well . The pose from it is a really good choose and looks cool , cute and nice . it looks really Originality . and it looks like pixels . Vision and Impact are well . i like the red nose it looks cute with that nose . i say it again really cute ,nice ,beautiful and awasome artstyle . (it is noble too) i hope i can see more awasome pics like that great job and nice work|
This is a very beautiful poem. The emotion was beautifully captured and it was very well written. You have also managed to capture sadness and happiness combined in the words you chose. However, you poem does seem a little bit stiff. Perhaps try to get a more regular beat to the poems for a greater impact. This would improve the flow of the poem and make it easier to read. Other than that, there is nothing else I can say. Very well written and very nicely chosen phrasing. This gets a thumbs up from me. Well done for a a lovely poem.|
First off, I love the way you drew Knuckles's head. It looks similar to the games, but I mainly love the way you drew his eyes. They are so bright and natural looking. The Flicky bird you drew in the bottom right corner is adorable, but unfortunately it blends in with the water a little bit too much. But getting back to Knuckles, you drew his body very realistic to a Sonic character, which I like. My only complaints there are that his tail is slightly too long and that his socks are more like legwarmers, giving the illusion that his feet are too small. Up close, I can see that you kind of colored outside of the lines in some places. An easy fix for that is to erase what you see that is out of the lines before moving on. The Master Emerald isn't drawn in the same style as everything else, which makes it seem a bit dull compared to everything else, in my opinion. The grass in your background looks great, I only wish it were slightly brighter of a green so that it stands out a little more. Then, there's the water. At first, I thought the water was some kind of purple, sparkling slime. It looks slightly like water, but I didn't guess that until I saw the ripples in it. I also don't know where Knuckles is. If he's on Angel Island, that is one heck of a flood. I really like how you colored the sky with the gradually changing color gradients. It looks so realistic and awesome. You also did a good job with the clouds on the left side of the sky, but the ones on the right, I didn't really care much for. The only thing I wouldv'e done differently with them would be that I'd add a little more shading and detail. Overall, this is very good!|
Well, I must say. You're the first artist who has asked for critiques on their Warrior Cats without me saying anything for this long. And that's what tells me your problem. You're doing the same, chibi artwork every time. Even though it looks good, there's not much room for critiques and improvement, not beyond character portrayal. After all, it's a chibi, and on top of that, a headshot. I can't tell if your anatomical knowledge is good, or if it needs improvement. So, here's my advice. Don't stop making these little warrior headshots. Definitely don't stop. But, don't request critiques on art that's hard to improve. If you want to continue asking for advice on these deviations, I'm not going to stop you. But if you are, then try adding a technique or something that does require practice to improve. That way, you actually do learn. Thanks for listening to my humble opinion.|
I think you did great on this one. It would be nice to see Celebi's eyes, though. In the picture, it is looking down, so it is hard to read. Really other than that, really well done with this. Is this Kirby's field in Super Smash Bros. Brawl? I can see some resemblance, but it it hard to exactly know. I also liked that you didn't get any burr from it ether. Sometimes it is hard to get the shot with the the object is moving. You know. I have problems with that as well. It can be tough. Great job!|
Tak przegl?dam twoj? galeri? i przegl?dam... a? trafiam na to cude?ko! D?ugo my?la?am jak to skomentowa?, ubra? w s?owa, bo ja ju? tak mam, ?e jak widz? jaki? cudowny rysunek to kompletnie nie wiem co napisa?... Wi?c wycisn??am kilka zda? pochwa?y: Luna tak majestatycznie wygl?da a to królewskie spojrzenie daje jeszcze lepszy efekt. Jedyne do czego mog? si? przyczepi? to grzywa. Wed?ug mnie powinna by? bardziej ?wiec?ca. Mam namy?li wi?cej gwiazd i b?ysków ró?nej wielko?ci. Tak jak niebo w tle. Ale w sumie to wszystko mog?oby si? wtedy ze sob? zla?, i wtedy ca?okszta?t straci?by na wygl?dzie. I tak to jest jedna z najlepszych Lun jakich widzia?am i podziwiam ci? za taki talent ?wietne cienie, chocia? nie przepadam za cieniowaniem g?adkim p?dzlem. No i oczywi?cie ?liczna ró?yczka, zarówno ?odyga z li??mi jak i sam p?k. Zazdroszcz? ci takich umiej?tno?ci|
This work made really good, because composition set is alright, nothing bad about it. Vision placed right, believable. Shading is made great, there is feel of third dimension object. I am disappointed that there is no decent background for a character. I lowered originality because, it's a character from other cartoon, but still added few thing of your own, that is not flat copying. Technique that have been used keep a style, still feel of cartoonish character, even though cartoon was in 3d. I don't sure about impact because I am average about it. All what I left to say that. Great work, keep it going. I always fan of nostalgia stuff ;3. P.S this is my first critique.|
Impact: awesome. The whole work's amazing. The face strikes me as vicious, powerful, and terrible.The technique's amazing; the gritty water, the grimy skulls, and the mysterious corners. But it seems too close to the surface. You could make the amount of light smaller at the top to enhance distance and therefore reason for the darkness. The originality: I have seen and made drawings along these lines. Face in the dark, death around it, teeth. Include some tentacles? It's a kraken, after all. The eyes have great soul, they impact me the most. All in all: amazing job, needs tweaking. ~ImpfeatherDeJudeJinx|
This is simply an excellent Blu-Ray cover design. It shows all the important characters in one image, and it creates an excellent spooky atmosphere filled with darkness, tension and apprehension, while simultaneously highlighting the scariest part of the movie. You made this image as dramatic as possible. Maleficient is towering over the other four characters, taking up the entire height of the Blu-Ray case, while Aurora is the second tallest, and the fairies can only be seen as outlines, identifiable only by the glowing tips of their wands. Not only is Maleficient the biggest character in the image, she is the only character with a visible face. Aurora's face is hidden because she has her back turned, and the faces of the fairies are hidden by darkness. Last but not least, the thorns ascending Maleficient's staff and encroaching on the staircase Princess Aurora is ascending add an additional touch of menace.|
Dreamily ephemeral in its lyrical imagery, Those Moments by A-Shadow-Rose is a poem that indulges its reader in curiously whimsical description and brings to mind the wistfulness of a time gone by. The poem is written in first-person, where the speaker begins in direct contact with the reader. We are the "you" in the poem, the one being addressed, and throughout the poem, the relationship between us and the speaker becomes clear. Through using these two perspectives, the deviant allows the reader to become a vessel in which they may evoke sentiment. The deviant uses the main body of the poem, the second and third stanza, to bring the full power of description to the fore. The reader becomes lost in the fluid phrases—metaphors for smiles that are "nothing more than a detour into woods unknown", the moment in reality that is merely "a millisecond". As well, the phrase "there is a moment in time" echoes the title of the piece, and its repetition at the first and second stanzas remind the reader, almost apologetically, that the beauty described within the poem is stored away in memory. But it is the final stanza of Those Moments, with its heartbreaking simplicity, that truly strikes me, as a reader, to the core: a declaration of what was, what is now, and the speaker's gracious acceptance of what will forever be.|
Your expressive use of pointillism fits perfectly with the landscape. You didn't capture the foggy mist as much as you did the serenity in the forest. There may have been a way to make it appear wetter on the trees also, because I am only seeing the bold, rich, and wet colors at the bottom of the landscape. I think you captured the foliage of the peaceful forest beautifully. I especially enjoy how the trees fade as they get taller, replicating the effect of real trees when they blend in with each other as they go higher and higher. This is altogether a breathtaking piece, and I hope you keep creating work similar to this.|
Great job on this Musharna. It is really good. I do think that the dream mist could be longer though. In the game, it is longer, more over it's body. Other than that, I really like Musharna. Great detail put into it. I really like the mixture of the background too. It seems like a mixture of red, purple, and orange. Is it? I hope I"m right, because when I guess I hope to get things right so I don't offend anyone. You have gotten a lot better with the aim with this one. Great job on that. Plus, great job with the shading within darker spots.|
This is very cute! I really like it! Her eyes are gorgeous and her cutie mark is clever. I love on how you wrote about her personality and her age, its very awesome! I know this isn't the best critique but I'm hoping this helps! Her hair is nice and for some reason i really like on how you put her side ways XD. But i have one question who are her friends? Thats the one part you left out? Personally i think she would go with Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie. I hope this helped! With lots of admiration, PrettyUnicorn32 (Kat)|
Ok, I'm rating this based on what it is, not comparing it to professional art. Originality and vision are certainly there, being that this is an OC created in Skyrim. I personally like the blood splotching effect, it adds depth to the composition. The line and colorwork is fairly well done, but the piece looks a little stiff. This could be from the utilization of "dead lines" in the inks, leaving the arms, face and chest looking flat. Avoid dead lines and emphasize shadows with deeper shadows and blacks. This should make your pieces look infinitely better. (If needed, look up dead lines for examples). Otherwise, the eyes could use a secondary shade of color or some black or white highlights to make them feel less empty. I hope this critique helps you improve!|
When I saw this, I almost EXPLODED. No joke. I really believe you will win the contest, hands down. I really like the shading in this! It is very good, and like me and some other artists, we aren't that luck. ;o; The character designs are awesome as well. I might want to draw them some time. The sparkles by the water is really neat. The only thing I recommend is a little highlighting, not that you need too because this is already good, but it just adds to the picture a little bit! Just don't overdue it, or it will look too glossy. (Like mine ;o; ) Good work overall!|
I read this on my phone this morning and the impact it wielded behind its words was just about the most forceful thing I may have ever read. Firstly, the personification and metaphorical terms you use in this piece are astonishing and make the work far more beautiful than it could have been if you hadn't. I think description is the main essence of writing when it comes to dark, emotional artworks such as this, and to be honest, you hit that point right on the head. The use of body parts to express the raw sensations felt by the narrator in this text is wondrous, and I love the way that you hinted at time passing through this pain as well. This gave the writing a more wholesome feel to it. Secondly, the feelings emitted through this (despair, guilt, anguish etc.) could not have been done in a better way. As I mentioned before, the relation to time mentioned in here makes the piece become more believable, but from a reader's point of view, the timing of each stanza was impeccable too; the sensations of pain and hatred were dragged out over a series of long stanzas, and made up most of the poem, whereas at the end, the hint at that healing of the person was quick, signifying that it took time for the wounds to disappear properly. My favourite quote is "how to stitch my wrists, how to use the sutures with my chipped teeth and shaking fingers..." - I cannot express how visually astonishing this is to my mind. Also, the lack of grammar in this text (I'm not saying it's bad!) adds to the feeling of utter hopelessness and desperation, as if the person writing or speaking is just that hair's breadth away from giving up. Lastly, I want to wrap up this critique by just congratulating you on writing such a remarkable poem. It is one of my favourites, well done.|
The choice in lighting was very effective, it was a very dramatic feel with the high contrast, especially in the face. I can understand the the blurring of the foreground and background, however the object on the front right of the image is a little distracting. Some contrast on his arms would help. I had to stare at it for a while before I realized his fists were by his head. The arm on the left does not look like it connects to the left hand. The blurring on the left wrist looks weird. <-- minor things. Overall a great picture!|
I have never done a piece of digital art, but I'm hoping to give you a meaningful critique as best I can. First off, your piece is beautiful; you should feel immensely proud . What make it such a wonderful piece of art are the ways in which you set the scene, from the growth of the vegetation to the weather to personal details like the stance of the guards, the chickens, and the placement of the banners. It fulfills its role as art - a form of expression - quite perfectly. After careful inspection, the only thing I can think to advise you upon is perhaps some minor details with lighting. I'm not sure if you WANT to make it any more realistic - maybe that would change it from its slightly dreamy appearance - but to make this appear more tangible, consider your interactions with light and shadow. The sunlit stonework and wood should have more apparent detail than what is in shadow. Colors, too, would have a more distinct shade contrast than you have chosen to show (for instance, the lamp posts and vegetation). I realize it would be quite difficult, but you have it in you! The fact that you produced such a wonderful piece shows that you can do anything you put your mind to. Thanks for such wonderful art!|
Absolutely gorgeous! The big, shiny eyes especially stand out, as does the background, which is beautifully executed and makes a stark, quick gradient work well, which is hard to pull off. There's very little I can say about this that's negative, as this is pretty much everything I love in a drawing - beautiful, adorable, and top notch linework. However, it is a bit less that original, but this is only a minor complaint, and doesn't distract at all. The background is also a little dark and it keeps the cat from standing out too much, but, once again, this is minor and doesn't subtract from this adorable piece. Keep up the great work!|
I love the use of colours in this drawing. The only colour that seemed to be used were different shades of red; which could either symbolize love or hatred. Seeing that you gave her the original "Evil Elsa" hair design, I see her as an evil badass queen. The brush techniques and textures really reveal the flow of the fire on the dress and makes it look alive, even though the picture is still. Sadly, the idea has been done an immense amount of times, although you seemed to do it differently from what I've seen by creating a brand-new dress and giving her another hairstyle that isn't her 'signature french braid'. The dress just pops out at your face, but since everything else on her (eyes, hair, makeup) were the same colour, they just seemed to blend in with the dress. Usually the other features are supposed to pop out on their own to create the incredible "wow" that would be said under a guy's breath when they see her for the first time. [I don't know a lot about makeup, but my one friend had a makeup class and I had to be her model.. Worst. Experience. Ever... Anywho, I remember her teacher specifically told her not to use blue eyeshadow because it matched my eyes. So, the at makeup rule must also go with drawing makeup in a cartoon too, I guess.] Overall, I enjoyed your drawing and I notice all of the major improvements you've made over the years (with proportion, facial features, hair, shading, colouring, etc.) Keep up the good work!|
This is a very interesting take from a perspecive not usually covered in mythological stories, and I already applaud you for the subject matter. Also, thank you for a further explaination ofbackground in the description, if this piece was published it would probably work better asan epigraph, but in this case, it fits, and helped me familiarize myself with the story. (Before I go in depth, I just want to say please excuse any awkward spacing, as I'm on my phone and the critique is faltering.) Your tone is immediately very soft and fitting for the piece. Going throughout it, however, I've found that you have a surplus of articles that you may want to lose, primarily the word "my". You can find another substituting word or lose it completely by replacing it with textural adjectives, perhaps describing the marble? If you say "the glances away from sculpted eyes", we'd know whom you were referring to. I'd also suggest changing lines three and four to "gentle curves and small feet/enough to entrance you for hours." You become more active in the second stanza, keeping us positively involved in the poem, and I wish I could see a bit more of that (a touch, a movement, sensory detail), however, the brevity of this poem also adds to its power, so more present activity is something that should be your personal decision to pursue or not. Finally, I really like your diction along the acid rain area, and referring to "will" as a concrete object that can be "corroded". I was, however, a bit lost from "the glances away..." to "..want to feel". This is because the line "as my head was no longer visible" seems like an aside, and you hop from the word "visible" to "into", making it sound like an invisible head is something he wants to feel? It could do with some rearranging due to some minor awkward phrasing with the eyes and head lines--we don't know what's being changed "into something". Other than that, I really think you've got an excellent start, and your last two lines are brilliant (the line break was well executed there!). To add more tension to the second stanza you could play around with enjambment, but honestly, you've got a pretty nice tone and some great diction throughout, so it might not be worth it. Just edit a few awkward spots and you're good to go!|
This is a very unique style, I don't recall ever seeing one similar to your's. I'm a big fan of how clean the lineart is as well as the whole picture. The sharp points and varying widths give it a lot of personality. The character's design is nice and simple, and the color choice is lovely and doesn't clash. The subtle colored shading gives the picture more volume a long with the drop shadow behind it and the white lines. Altogether, this is a very nice image and your style is beautiful. Keep up the great work, and good luck!|
First of all, I'd like to commend you for your effort if this is your first tablet drawing. Awesome work! On the drawing itself, I think you did well on making your colors united--you have a very warm color scheme and this is consistent on every part of the drawing, except maybe the shorts which are a little too gray--it would have helped to make them "lean" a little more towards brown or orange as well. Also, your lineart is super clean and has width that is interesting and changes, which is good. Maybe the thing you need to work on most is your anatomy; there are errors like how the outstretched arm connects to the rest of the body, and the way the other hand turns upward makes it look disconnected. It would also help if you try to draw poses that are more natural (ex. ask yourself whenever you draw, "would a model pose this way for a photo?") BUT I'd still like to commend you for trying, because drawing the human body is really hard. If you'd like to improve, try to draw people moving around (gesture drawings) every day, and you'll do better in less than a week, guaranteed. Finally, there are plenty of tutorials on dA that can teach you how to shade--it's great that you tried to pick a consistent light source for this drawing, but in real life, light doesn't just come from one side, it kinda WRAPS around stuff--the best way to learn it is by looking at real objects, photos, and tutorials. Summary: You did really well for your first tablet drawing. The best parts are the color scheme, the clean lines, and how you tried to draw a sortaaa naked body. You can improve how you render anatomy, and your shading/values by studying real life, photos, and tutorials. Great job!|
Ill start with the looks I pretty much like how it looks, there isn't much to say Shading Well, here are some problems. It looks like you just forgot, to add shades, shadows... The picture doesn't have a light source. I mean that i is all plain colored, example: If the light source would have been in the upper left corner, the shadows of hair head and ear would go from that side. Outlines Yep a problem with outlines. Don't use statick, hard colors on your image, it gives it not a look that it should, better use stronger aspects, like for hair, of brown for outlines. Category It doesn't actually look like pixel art, so i want to say that you should better put it in paintings and drawings section, (maybe animals).|
Buongiorno ed eccomi qui, pronto a dire la mia, sperando che sia sempre buona...HEHE. Il cane è il migliore amico dell'uomo, e fin qui ci siamo. Ma a volte può essere anche il migliore amico del fotografo. Questo bel cane, (di cui non conosco la razza, ma non importa) ha deciso di mettersi tranquillo in posa per chi lo voleva immortalare. Brava qui a intuire la posa e a sfruttarla molto bene. Il primo piano che evidenzia bene il muso è ben calcolato e inquadrato nella giusta dimensione. Lo sfondo sfuocato e quasi monocromatico fa da ottima cornice senza togliere al soggetto la sua importanza. Spesso in questi casi anche un po di fortuna può aiutare. Comunque qui sembra molto evidente la complicità che soggetto e fotografo hanno deciso di mostrare, e che ha fatto nascere questo splendido scatto che molti vorrebbero ottenere dal proprio amico a 4 zampe. Ottimo lavoro quindi. Nulla da aggiungere. Non di particolare impatto o originalità magari, ma certamente il meglio che si poteva ottenere dalle intenzioni ben evidenti nella foto. Complimenti!!! Continua così!!!|
I hav cn dat dis peice of art touched my kokoro. Teh flames r rlly scary tho but i guess it match the thing?? Whatev. Da small amount of colour is vry nice bcs it would give awaey teh beauty of the small Japanese man glaring at evryone who has dropped the dundadun Which includes me Woops I fink that evrythin is absolootely perf but it has a lack of sparkles I also find it vry inspirational It spoke to me But not rlly tho That's just a fancy thing to sae}} {{//screams what am i doing with my life}}|
Okay, please don't get angry but I really do want to help. First of all, the anatomy could use a great deal of work. People might not be able to differentiate them between cats or wolves. I would encourage you to purchase an art book or even a photography portfolio to study anatomy and technique. Second, the colouring could definitely use some attention. There is no shading or lighting. Once again, an art book could help you learn techniques or this, or even try drawing/colouring a picture from life. Draw exactly what you see. I am a self-taught artist and this is how I learned. Finally, there is little to no depth in this picture. Try printing an image of a landscape, flip it upside down, and draw it. This will help you with depth, and will also teach you to draw what you see, not what you know. This is another tactic I used to help me become a better artist. However, the originality is good, and so is the impact. Try using some techniques to better the visual part of it, and it will be phenomenal.|
I don't know if there is a direction in life worth following but the road we take really defines us., just like this picture. Once man reaches mars, we will understand the true nature of man, similar to our feelings after the moon landings. We must take sensitive and careful steps forwards. We must not trip. We must never stumble, we must grow as a species and the only way we can grow is by progressing beyond the traditional realms of our understanding of reality. We shall reach all our goals as one. Ok picture, could use some work. 4/10|
Again, very nice job on the lineart. It's nice and clean, and comes to crisp points. The texture looks pretty nice on this image, so no complaints there. Your character is very interesting. I had a hard time realizing her eye was an eye for a little bit ( I hope that's an eye, my mistake if it isn't ) because of the lack of a sclera. The fur color continuing into the eye really just makes it confusing. I'm very fond of the character's design otherwise, it's pretty different from the majority of other critters I've seen. Hopefully this helped you in some way!|
This art is amazing! The vision, the strokes, just the technique of the art is fabulous! The colors are amazing, everything fits together! The markings, fabulous! The fur, beautiful! Keep up the good work Mossy! Your fabulous! Don't get down because you THINK your art is bad! Think about this Critique in the future, and remember this: Like your art, Follow your heart! c: The best thing about this picture is because it was made by YOU. Not someone else, not my parents, not my dog! YOU! Your art is perfect darling, don't think otherwise, EVER! <3 c: (le end)|
I've been stalking this for some time now. Might as well write a critique. VISION: - Naturally, with a pegasus atop the clouds you can generally tell what the central vision is. But it doesn't really do much other than that. There isn't much of a theme, ideal, or view. So 3/5 for this one. ORIGIONALITY: - [I completely forgot how to do half stars] - Naturally, with the realm of MLP you're going to get look-a-likes. In fact, I have a friend who has an OC very similar to this (acception being red with green strands). On that premise, I typically would bring it down to 3 or 3 1/2 stars, but you also have to acknowledge the fact that it is made in a pony creator, which isn't exactly a new spin on design or originality. So 1/5 for now. TECHNIQUE: - If you had legibly drawn the background, I would of 5/5 or even if you had tried I would of at least 3 1/2 or 4 even. But this was made in a pony creator, so despite how good the background is, I just simply think it would be biased to give you a good wrap on this one. Sorry. 1/5 IMPACT: 'Impact – Does the artwork resonate with you or evoke strong emotions? Does it make you think? Does it blow your mind?' As I said in VISION, there isn't that much to really think about in this. Its a pegasus. On top of a cloud. Pony creator or not, drawn by hand or not, a pegasus on top of cloud just isn't that exciting. Sorry doll, but its not deserving of a 1/5, so I'm gonna give it a 2/5. Hope you didn't think any of it was unfair, and I'm assured you've probably gotten a lot of undeserved hate-messages and/or hate-critiques (I'll admit: I read the vast majority of both) but I honestly think some of the previous critiquers before me were being biased in your direction, so I tried to be as honest with this as I could.|
I quit like this picture. I like how the pictures in the background are fade so that there not distracting from the main focus of the picture. I also like how most of the pictures in the background are thump nails to some of his videos. There's also so really really cute Tiny Box Tim with a cute little warfstach. They also added Marks most famous saying "Poof". The pink shadowing on Mark is also really nice. What I think they could have done better with was how they made Mark fuzzy at the legs and arms. Also with the word poof. Thanks for reading.|
oh.. my.... god..... future me: um, are you alright??? me: omigodomigodomigodomigoooooooood!!! it's so beautifuuuul!!! and no, it's not just because of the sudden mermaid fetish i developed. the shading is beautiful, the coloration is beautiful, the everything is beautiful, the wait for the chapter 1 to come out is not as beautiful, but i'm extremely optimistic. true, it's similar in title to the little mermaid, but it's story is different to where it makes up for it. it's impact, i said it already. it's technique, what else is there to say? and when i close my eyes, i can hear immorta's theme from the wonderful 101 (a jazzy sorta romance theme) playing in the background of my mind. now if you'll excuse me, i'm gonna go look at more mermaid stuff.|
I certainly say it's amazing it look's like it exactly came right from the movie. The clothes are quite original like the boots where they have that bandage thing. The shades of green is also excellent. The only thing is the gravity of the hair even though it's anime style don't you think it should have like a gravity effect happening and also the cutie mark just a horseshoe why not make like a broken one but to hold it together their's bandages. But though this you have quite good original style with the whole jinx thing like with the crutches and bandages I say the name matches the character well.|
This is my first critique, so Im going to be honest. I love the way the cat (jasper) is in the position, I see some loose lines here and there, but nothing wrong about it and I enjoy the handwriting as well. I also enjoy the mixed colors together, I also love the eye, they show the ideal that the cat is healthy and alive, even though it is a picture. The colors Red, yellow cream, black, blue and green for the eyelids are amazing. Now to be honest, it is a bit messy but I count this from any good artist. After all of this is said, I think its pretty good. Messy here and there, but its very beautiful.|
Look at this work. I can feel it. It's something that... This work reflects what an Abstract work must be. It makes me feel a deep in my mind, watching it. You maybe say "But the blue is more visible than the other colors!". If you watch it centimeter per centimeter... yes. But you must see it in general, looking in the center (Yes, look on the dA logo, but not the logo itself), letting it envolves you. Your eyes will go to the blue, but you aren't watching the blue. It's really difficult to explain it. It's really HARD to make a critique of an Abstract work. But I'm here, telling you that this is AWESOME. And it's not the classical fractal art, or geometry. They are stains, and they're alive. Great...|
His tongue by far my favorite part about it! I'm not sure if he was moving or if my eyes are just getting worse it looks a little fuzzy .. besides this adorable creature being fuzzy I love how dark the water is and how plane the (sand/concrete?) is compared to his spotty and spunky nature s/he is just tooo cute for words I just want to snuggle him!! your work is so amazing to see the pictures you take it gets better with each photo! I hope one day we can see more of this little guy though! Too cute!|
amazing headshot commission, the shading and the coloring is wonderful and your talents are amazing ! however this art can be improved by the following: the fur needs to be a little bit finer, this can be done by selecting other various brushes (especially on the neck and the white fur on the ears) the reflection on the eyes is showing electrical wires from an outside scene, this is not very suitable for portraits, try instead a reflection of a lighting studio the hair should be a little bit transparent and thinner at the ends (just my opinion) also i'm not sure about what are those white things under the eyes, but i think it's his teeth, this should be more evident great artwork by the way|
I think the biggest issue here is Kenny. Kenny's head is a bit too large and appears to be floating in relation to the rest of hid body. His shoulders look too high as a result, and his torso is a bit too stiff. I would recommend more flow to his posture, and a bit more shape to his body. On that note, his legs are too long compared to the rest of his body, especially when you compare them to Butter's leg:torso ratio. There are quite a few anatomy mistakes here, and I think you could benefit from some reference practice! Kenny's hood is a bit confusing, and appears to just be floating out of nowhere. Butter's clothing is very good, but Kenny's skirt is incredible unnatural and stiff looking. Fabric can be hard, so this is very good considering. You're quite good with color, and I especially like the mountains and snow. I'm having a bit of trouble finding a consistent light source. I very much like the idea of the shading under Kenny's skirt, it gives the picture interest and makes you look closely. You art is quite interesting and manages to balance the busyness it often has. I hope you continue to try and improve and draw frequently!|
this completely blew me away! your writing and description was so amazing it felt like I was right there watching it all go down. I could see it all. the words of the story went great to the lyrics of the song which is one of my absolute favorites. however, the originality is only fair but I understand its very difficult to make on original story on this subject. but all in all this will be a forever favorite of mine. I always love seeing your work and I love learning from it. keep it up. you could end up being a pro writer. oh wait, you all ready are! XD|
When I saw the new page I was super excited and I looked at it immediately and when I saw the pool of blood around silver I literally got under my bed and started to cry.i literally worship silver so this made me sad for about a week.and when I saw shadow put silv's bloody hand on his head I grabbed my silver plushie and put him in a spot where only I could find him.if u made me hide my silver plushie then ur a really good artist.i wish mine was this good.ur my fav deviant ur the one who inspired me to do deviantart in the first place we'll this was an awesome comic so far I can't wait till the next page is out|
You could use some more shading, and also, the upper part of the body is weird: have it curve, instead of beinging a straight line to the hips. Also, some places where the lines should be straight are pretty wobbly. Other than that, it's pretty good. So, um, I really hope this helps! Keep working at it, and you should become a great artist! Oh, also, the hair looks too connected, you want to either show lots of different strands of hair, or use a pencil and shade in when drawing on a piece of paper, and by hand. -dragongal13|
This picture shows a strong compositional balance light to dark based on the diagonal from left to right, bottom to top respectively. The over the shoulder pose of the model is interesting and direct in its gaze. The single dred over the face which bisects it I find a bit off putting. The face is your primary emotive element, obscuring it without purpose is a misstep. If there is a purpose here, I'm not reading it. The legs scene right give a strong linear element right of frame which I think may also be accidental and distracting. Having just the knees breaking the water might have been better and emphasized the dark vs. light diagonal composition. I like that the palette is subdued with the exception of the red of the leaves which is mirror in the models lips. Maybe some hints of the color subtly photo-shoped into the the water reflections would tie it into the shadow portion? The red leaves framing her head as they do has a lot of appeal. Also, I would put your signature to lower right, reversed out and maybe consider shrinking it to "AP" in your stylized font/script. Reason being your don't want your mark to detract from your composition. In its current place in such high contrast (dark on light) it competes with the image itself.|
First I'd like to note the creativity in this piece and the narrative that fills it. However, i believe your technique in digital art needs improvement. i would suggest cell shading to help improve your understanding of light and shadow. if this is a night scene, rather than make everything darker, use more blue tones in the image. Initially the most obvious flaw is the perspective in the background. Particularly the swings seem to be out of sync with the image. the body of the subject person is awkwardly positioned and her right ankle looks broken. the entirety of the piece has an unfinished quality to it, due to the line work. costume design is very cool. sorry if this is a bit harsh, you have so much potential!|
A BEAUTIFUL HEADSHOT I remember I was at the Join. Me XD Anyway... This is such a beautiful picture, the shading is amazing and in the correct area's. Tigerheart looks so amazing and his eyes are the correct shade. His coat is made beautifully and it looks like it was never made on ms paint! No real Cons though and the picture is amazing. If I could get a headshot from you I would ask for my fav OC Shard yet I have barely any X3. Now I have 11 words now 8 now 6 XD anyway beautiful picture not much more to say except I luv the look ((Maybe add a bit more expression to him next time?))|
My first thought was,"Holy shit this is good!"But.....like.......omg.......this......is.......amazing.You did a awesome job on the mane and cutie mark,and i like how the wings look.And dem eyes r so sexy.The pose is great,i just don't know what to say.Im freaking speechless cause i think my eyes are gonna barf out rainbows. I really have no cons about this picture!I think it's straight amazing.I really just like everything my eye ballz are looking at right now.I think im going blind because of it,or is that because i've been looking at dis screen for 2 hours straight?Anyways,good job gurl.Ok,im done here.Good BYE! #Ponehs|
Wow! New art, huh? It is pretty cool without any mistakes, congrats! You have good art style here! Well done at that but can you raise the brightness of this picture ,please? I am kinda can't see anything here... At least, I see that ghost with red eyes... What is the possessor's name? Do you have the story about what cause him to death or something, if do I am really looking forward into that, that's it... What program do you use, No way that the pic is made in MS Paint, it is too old... Otherwise, great pic but need some brightness I hope for you good luck of your other drawings, YouTubeWare|
Vision: is pretty interesting what you got in here, from the look of the bg i can tell that you captured a futuristic and dystopian society, better said cyber-punk. And in personal i love this type of art. Originality: I like your idea, but i seen it a lot of times before, videogames other deviants, tumbrl,etc. But this one has a dark atmosphere that i quite enjoy. Technique: This technique specially captures the dystopian atmosphere, and it blends in perfectly with the idea of the cyber-punk universe. Impact: I like your contribution to the cyber-punk universe and in personal i must say that it reminds me of Half-Life 2 and Deus Ex: Human Revolution|
For me, this is one of the most impressive I've seen in my life, ye seen many, anyway, the image is very well designed, it looks amazing, the creatures that are in it are and look wonderful and impressive, in short, for me this picture that deserves more praise, but all I can do, flatter so great it is, well I think well of this image and really, you did a great job with this, no doubt you are great and it is all that I can say about you, good job, I like, you're a great artist and if nobody told him, it's because they do not appreciate your work as I do.|
I love the body shape, but I think the fur looks a little weird. The mane style is amazing, but the shading and lighting looks a little messy. The shading on the body is a bit too simple. It's missing something. I love the expression on her face, and the eyes are amazing. I love the background. It's so cute and fun. It blends in nicely with the other colors. This is a very cute piece, but not stunning. I do think you have talent and with more practice, I bet your artwork will be stunning. Nice job. Good luck.|
Its so cure and just ugh the style is amazing the only thing im not giving five stars is the impact because I can kinda see the cartoons purpose but its not really relevant to my opinion nor is it really moving or heart changing i guess but many people would find it great im sure! Other than that i would have to say oh my gosh its so cute and I can see the cartoon and drawing itself is overall great and the style so cute you did really well. :3 I don't really understand the markings would you explain those to me? Thanks, lovely :3|
I think I am not skilled as you, but I hope my feedback will be useful for you. Please keep in mind that this is only my opinion and might be wrong. Model: I don't like Kirsten Steward and any woman wearing emu-shoes, but it is a matter of my personal taste. I appreciate that you cut her out very carefully, especially her hair, what I personally find quite difficult. Moreover you adjusted her colour very well and together with her shadow it makes her look very realistic. You've done a good overall job on the model. Background: You've chosen a very fine background and it's quality matches one of the model. Moreover if you extended it's height it is not noticeable. Military: All military equipment you pasted is cut out very fine and I like how you matched it with a background. I like the smoke as well - it makes it well blended. Special effects: Steps and city smashed by model's foot as well as dust clouds are done very fine. However I don't like the hill that covers her left foot. It looks to me a bit as if the hill fell on her shoes. But this is just my point of view. Idea: I like mega giantess - tiny people interaction. I also like her size - entire city is nothing compared to her. What IMO might been done better is the number of attacking forces. If you wanted to picture an attack on her IMO there should be more forces engaged, some planes shooting her for instance. You can ask for advice - he likes making such interactions and he might be a good person to ask for advice. But on the other hand side we can pretend that more forces are behind the scene and they are just arriving To sum up: I very like the whole collage. Of course personally I would be much happier if it was other model (gothic one for instance ^^), but her size and attitude is very fine and I like how you did the whole picture. She is huge, dominant and towers over her foolish enemies that are going to be smashed. You've done a wonderful job and IMO you have only few things that could be done better. I am amazed with your skill and actually there is a lot I can learn from you|
I SERIOUSLY LOVE THIS PIECE! The way you, somehow, manage to show more realism in Applejack's mane and tail is outstanding! I can actually picture this as an action shot in some dark MLP-like movie or something. You actually give the Changeling drones more ferocity (And justice, in my opinion) then most, including the Canon depictions of them. There is a very nice blending of colors and a nice contrast with the foreground (Where Applejack is) and the background, with the whole "fading" technique and such. This is quite a masterpiece, and I would view this as on par with some of the Masterpieces of some of the famous artists, like Van Gough.|
What is the life of a tree each ring like a passage in time the past all wrapped into the core center of its universe each layer so the same yet so different from each other quietly tell the story of this weathered masterpiece! They Xylem of this one looks like its been through a lot! Could you imagine if trees could talk? their life as we know it is so silent one begs to wonder the steps of its life! I love pants and I just absolutely love your work with them! Wonderful work sugar! Simply and Purely Life!|
|
This fractal design, for me anyway, represents a fine example of how backgrounds can be used to achieve impressive results. The central object appears like a massive "space iceberg" or giant frozen crystal - certainly not a far fetched notion as space can be unimaginably cold. The brilliant backdrop of stars and the "Milky Way" styling of cosmic clouds mixed in create a fine showcase for the picture. My overall impression is very positive; the only constructive criticism I have to offer is to perhaps magnify the fractal's appearance by creating a "nimbus" around it - but on the other hand, that's just an afterthought. A very creative and striking piece here - my congratulations to Mark on another job well done.|
"This is a good attempt at creative writing. The area in which you fall down most is grammar - you should sharpen your skills with semicolons (in particular, the one in the first sentence lets you down). Some of your sentences also run on too long (second paragraph beginning 'To pull the strings' is an obvious example). That said, generally sentences are well-constructed, you make a decent allusion to Hansel & Gretel and the language, while needlessly flowery and cumbersome, is obviously intentionally so. This is a 'poem' in the loosest possible sense, so it loses marks in its form - although post-Dada anything is basically art now, so you can't really be criticised too harshly there. Ahem, I mean...quack quack quack!"|
This is perfect for those who want to be free from stupid commenters, What should be done is that people should get banned from DeviantART. This is stupid how harassment is used to fight back at others, There's a problem from that. And together we can fix it. What do you think about this idea? How would it be done? Who would help start it? Everyone should forgive each other and get a brain at least. I'm right? If so, We need to stop drama before it even happens. That means we are free and safe here. Make drama stop.|
Okay first off! He is fine as hell! Why can't he be real and single?! Now that I got that out the way, down to the purpose of this whole thing. The critique You did wonderful as always with the lighting and I'm happy that you put the highlights of the lighting in the hair. In some past artworks you've done, you had highlights in the clothing and skin; but you forgot to do so to the hair. I feel that he's chin and jaw needs to be a little more bigger; it looks a bit small compared to the rest of his head; UNLESS that is how he is suppose to look. And his scars on the shoulder. Are they deep scars-that when given at the time-cause a deep cut? If so, you can give the scars a carter look so it'll look more like a bit of his flesh did get badly scratch of. I do love his hair style. Been trying to create the same effect and has yet to accomplish it. OH and you forgot to add the lighting on his eyebrow. Other then that it's great and beautiful, and as usual spicy.|
I feel like if you kept it to nine, you'd have a nice D&D-style alignment group here. XD Fun descriptions! I admit some of the headpieces don't assimilate as well as others (distracting eyeholes on the tinkerer and pirate, some staying close to the eyes while others seem just plopped atop the head), but they're all good nonetheless. Fantastic idea of making the Akaku set off-kilter, we don't get to see that done very often, and it works really well. I think the variation in feet was a bit unnecessary and the spiky feet doesn't fit the Elder well... Even after reading the Wanderer's description I don't understand the mask he's holding... But these are my only critiques, everything is well thought out, very creative, and quite fitting from one goblin to another. Nicely done. ^^|
First of all I totally love this character's design. I know nothing of the character, but he looks like a player who's a softy at heart. Man, his shoes are just fabulous! The soft coloring of this picture really lends to the air of his personality as well. Vision: I truly believe that you could have rough sketched out the bark and some branches of the tree without distracting from the character (just leave the tree less finished, no color, just black and white and it would have been perfect.) As is, it isn't bad, but If I hadn't read the description I wouldn't have known what his hand was resting on. Originality: I personally haven't seen a character like this for a long time and I feel like he was executed in such a way as to make him unique. Technique: I love the roughness and angularity that you've incorporated, along with the colors this is a totally original style that I love. Please do more pictures like this! Impact: Overall I get the feeling that he's experienced a loss, but that he's come to terms with it and is moving forward. I just love the emotions that you've put into this piece.|
This is Really cool. I love the effort you took to drawing all those tiny scales! Even though it's drawn with MSPaint (which can be really hard to draw on sometimes) it looks as if it was drawn on Photoshop or something I would suggest a little more shading, and a focal point (right now that focal point is River's glowing scales and eye - is this what you wanted?) They seem a bit bright for the setting they are in Basically, a bit darker would create a more appropiate mood Other than these minor things, it's original, I now ship Rivlantis, and I look forward to reading your fanfic|
I've come around one more time to critique something of yours! I really really like the color in this one, everything sort of has a nice red glow to it. It reminds me a bit of autumn. Also, the shading in this one is spot the flip on. Great job on that. I love how your art is so simple yet it looks like something that was really difficult to draw(well for me) Yet another lovely piece that I have nothing bad to say about. Still, my favorite thing is the reddish/pinkish tint. That is so nifty. keep up the good work!|
no harsh critisism? how could i be harsh? this is wonderful. i like how it's kinda got this ghostly feel to it from overlaying the skulls. i dont know if that was intentional but i think thats pretty creative and fun and thats my personal favorite thing about it. i like your contasts and the background blacks comeing in from the right. the dramatic short gradient really makes it stand out. as far as things you can improve on. i dont really see any aside from just practicing. though the hair or liquid comeing from the 2 at the bottom looks a little confusing, perhaps learn that materiel's shading a little bit. awesome drawing. keep up the work. goodluck and i wish you well.|
You do not know how much I can relate to this. My OC, Midnight Crystal, is constantly called 'Star butt' Which is pretty much just Logic, since her cutie mark has stars. IRL I'm also called star butt because I tend to draw stars on my pants, usually on my hip area. Although some people/ponies would count this as an insult, people/ponies are just pointing out the obvious. The thing I love most about this is the back ground and Twi's face. The back ground because it seems like someone has a crush and Twi's face because she looks irritated.|
Oh my gosh this is amazing even for a headshot! Boy where do i start... (Keep in mind I dont usually do a lot of critques, so I hope this helps! ) Vision: The image is a good size, not to small, a bit big, but not everything is perfect, the picture takes up most of the space, and if you zoom in it seems to be done with pixels which must have taken a long time to do! The only downside is that the few stripes on the side are a little flat, but it could have been a lot worse! Originality: Well seeing as you did someone else's character I cant judge based on the design, so I'll have to go with something else. Seeing as its a character from warriors (Keep in mind i dont know anything about) that a few people have drawn before, i guess its not one of the first ideas to come to mind, but not the last ethier, and shading it all in isnt what i would do, so I'll give you credit for that : D Technique: The shading is great! The way it works it very good, and for doing it all is pixels is pretty darn hard. I dont have really any complaints, maybe someone else does Impact: This whole piece is eye candy for almost anyone out there, the shading and lighting is very well done, the colors you picked for both of them worked out great, and this is just an amazing piece all around Ok sorry this was so long, hope it helped anyways uwu|
I like the outline and dark and lighter grass stubs as it goes lighter to the pumpkins, the pumpkins look very like cartoon pumpkins, but it is extremely beautiful, it reminds me of my halloween character, the outline is nice, but maybe you should have got the same color of the sky for the outline so maybe it matches, but it looks very good,because its just bloody beautiful, you do deserve these critiques so much,anywho, I love the marking/pumpkin face on the front of his/her chest, anyway, love you all! Nice job Tiffi You inspire me tons and tons everyday.|
Great drawing. doing a 1 year challenge? that's hard stuff. much respect. you got pretty nice proportions. for the most part. i like that. i like how you filled in all the detail to your ability and got the background in and some of the details of the fruit while not being overly dramatic with them. i think your perspective or. technique for constructing and seeing shape could be better, like the bottom of the bowl. in perspective like this the bottom is more dramatically rounded then the top of the bowl. all this bowl is. is a cylinder. so when you go to draw something think of it as a 3D object. much like you'd see in a video game or a sculpture with clay. and break it into simple forms. like cones and cubes. then add your details and contours ontop. overall i like the effort you put in. and it looks great. keep up the work. i wish you luck. and keep drawing|
this is beutiful and i love simple subjects turned into pieces of art. the colors are lovely. and the contrasts. it's really attractive in a sense of "oh whats going on here? oh wow look over there...ooo whats this!!" it keeps me intrigued in the peice. for lack of a better word. i like the content though the chair kind of being the main subject. i think could have gotten a little less obstructed. my eye keeps changing this from a underneath view to a top view. and that might not happen to everyone *im very tired right now* but it is slightly confusing. also be careful with your blacks. even if a subject is pure black. try to not use a pure black. if you can help it. it gives it a more natural feel and useing more pure blacks can tend to put a *hole* in the image. if that makes sense. though it could be issues with the photo making it darker too. overall i love its simplicity, it's color. the style is awesome. and is just a great piece to look at. awesome job. i wish you well. goodluck. and keep up the effort cause your doing an amazing job|
oh wow! This is really well drawn! The colors are very pretty and don't range too far from each other in the spectrum. He kind of reminds me of someone that I used to know a long time ago. I especially like the little details and such in the clothing, it is definitely your strong point along with shading! The shading in this is done really well and it looks like you spent a lot of time perfecting it! Overall I have nothing negative to say about good art. Good job and keep on doing the good work! Have a good day!|
I love the fact that she has wings, makes her look like an angel from the sexy part of heaven. Her butt is amazingly large and perfectly fits with the body. Her breasts are bonrific, i like the fade in the shirt. Makes it look as if her shirt is wet. Her long blonde hair is amazing (even tho i prefer ginger). The shading on the butt is very well done. And lastly, her eyes... i love their color green, it makes her eyes stand out from the rest of her amazingly sexy parts. The look on her face makes me feel that I've walked in on her changing.|
This piece is gorgeous! I love the detail that you put into this painting, and the colors that you used, as well. The blue and green tones really add an eerie and mysterious look to this piece, along with the bluish, glowing hue that you painted behind the fox. I'm not sure if this was intended, but because of the glowing strands beyond the spirit's eyes, (and the shape of its eye), it looks as if the fox is crying, which adds a bit more depth and emotion to this piece. I personally like it, though some people probably wouldn't. I also love how you made the clouds revolve around the fox, as if they and all the other plants are interested in the spirit. The only problem that I could have with this piece is the panda. Although the panda is very cute, it seems sort of out of place here, since there are so many things centered around the fox. However, the panda's expression is really fitting, and again, displays a sense of awe and wonder at such a mysterious creature. All in all, this is a beautiful piece!|
That was fantastic, mesmorizing, graceful, and wonderful in one word, if that's ever possible. What I think you've done is writentruth in the form of the abstract and made it something beautiful. Each line is spun with a perfect weave and each word holdsa meaning, nothing out of place or irregular in the way this was written. In a sense, this is extremely universal, but the meaning from each word makes it very like caviar o strawberry soup. Just esquisite what you've done here, I hardly find written wordthis website something I could read over and over again. With this, I easily would. Very well done.|
Very nicely done! Yes, very nicely done!! ( And I have to admit that I do NOT like Kristen Stewart. ) Not since Hedin's collages have I seen better footprints ( shoe prints? ) in a collage. That being said, here is what I would critique about it: Her left boot, already mentioned, does look a little bit off, but having to compensate for missing body parts can create a challenge to cover up, so very minor point here. There is some kind of light arch between her boots....is that an optical illusion on the background, or am I missing the waters edge somehow? Seems to follow it in places, then it veers off into just an arc. The one tank on the right with the blurred area around it seems out of place. To me, just one patch of blur detracts from the rest of the surrounding foreground. I'm assuming you were going for vibration of the camera effect as the tank fired a round, but maybe this should have been left out. Those are my thoughts on the collage. Overall, a top notch job. This is what I meant by keep doing what you're doing.|
Instead of commenting, I decided to give you a critique. Well, here it goes. I LOVE THIS! Thank you so much! I love how you designed Jeff, and I love the fireflies and the stars in the background, along with the sky and the grass. You've nailed down the hair, hoodie, and black pants. The smile carved on his cheeks is wider because of how happy he is, which is really good. This is my first critique, so I don't really know what else to say. Thanks again for the picture, I really love it so much. Your friend, KKSparks|
I really love the cuteness of this picture. I'm not sure if it was intentional but I'm catching a lot of Yin and Yang influences from this because of the black and white variations on both of their color schemes. Granted, those were their dominant color schemes in the series and they carried over very well to their pony renditions. As far as originality, I don't see too much Danny Phantom art floating around, much less ponified versions, so this was pretty interesting to see. It would have been interesting to see their cutie marks but that would have been difficult considering the angle at which both of them are standing. The technique on this is well suited to the context of this. The hugging poses and expressions are adorable. However, their lower bodies could also be facing more toward each other, and they could face their heads more toward each other as well to further convey the bond between these characters. It seems to be a rather passive embrace they have here, although it's still pretty adorable! That said, the impact was slightly muted for those reasons but still HNNNNGGGG. Keep up the good work!|
it was good but not great but the little comic wad a little funny and I'll know that there're other that will like it because everyone has a different sense of humor having slender tell jeff that he should go to bed was funny because jeff is known to use the phrase go to sleep and coming up with onehundred words for one critique is a pain in the but, but it won't allow no less then that many words and anyway this was funny fun to look and enjoyable to read others will probably laugh at this as well|
Overall, I think this piece is fantastic. I like that you use a man as the subject, since (as others have said) men aren't often portrayed in art in this way. Your eye for detail is incredible and use of textures in the stones, body hair, and flowing liquid are all very well done. My only real critique is that there are two points where the body proportions seem a little off (and these are made obvious because the rest of the piece is so good). -The first is his left shoulder, which seems too far from his neck/torso to have the rounded look you give it. Either the shoulder itself needs to be closer to the body or farther back into the liquid, or the shoulder socket/ joint (and resultant deltoid muscle) needs to be moved further up the arm into position. -The second oddity is his left foot, which appears either swollen or awkwardly foreshortened. In its given angle, the heel of the foot would either be under the liquid or obscured by the foot in front of it and it looks as though you tried to include more than should be visible. The same is said for the fleshy 'ball' of the foot which should continue in a steady slope toward the back of the foot (out of sight). Other than these two minor issues, great job.|
I've only discovered Alex's art in the past three days. I'm not a gamer, but my son is, only he doesn't do Warcraft, Dungeons & Dragons, or read Heavy Metal. He likes Warhammer 40K. Being an artist myself, i could not help but love the works of Ian Smith,John blanche & david gallagher. But for years, Frazetta was THE MAN. I also spent years studying the work of Dave dorman,Michael Whelan,Todd Lockwood,Rob alexander,John Howe, Ken Kelly,boris Vallejo,Simon bisley,etc. but none of them seemed to match the impact of Frazetta, except Bisley, and now ? As artists, we tend to compare our works to these Masters, and always most of us come up short. When i saw Alex's work, I was utterly devastated ! Here, someone FINALLY matched the Big guy, and THEN some ! Of course, great artist's always have their detractors. a sizeable amount of jealous artists have critized Mr Frazetta of putting out mostly 'un-finished' works. but frazetta had truly paid his dues for years and years. And, like most Masters, he gradually came to the realizeation that not EVERYTHING had to have the most finite amount of detail, that less is more. Alex's art is technically peerless, his interpretations of Comic Characters is faithfully precise, yet he somehow manages to be ORIGINAL ! this particular work of Marvel Heroes shows Mr Horley at perhaps his most glitzy , yet it is infiniitely tastefull and powerful ! He seems to have no limitations anywhere. I could easily just stop doing art ( i won't !) and simply look at his artistic machinations . His light and shade,masterful design, fluidity of movement and raw POWER seems utterly matchless. I would be satisfied reaching the level of his ROUGHS ! The best thing is.....his best works lie ahead !|
it's normal for you deserve to have a hug and everybody really deserve to have a hug nobody deserve to be harmed and becoming the victim of child abuse or reject or even hating your a person not a monster your life is important for you you're a nice one you can have any hugs you wants and the hugs haters think the hugs are momma boys but the true is the bullies did not have any hug in their life the friendship is so important in life to have a good social life and everybody deserve to have a great social life|
I like the decision here to use the upper two thirds of the frame for the sky and the lower two thirds for the land. There's a lot going on in the sky, and using rule of thirds placement for the horizon places the foreground object at a nice, interesting position. There are maybe a couple of things I would have done differently. I'd have pulled just a bit to the right or cropped in post-processing to line up the third post from the left with the 1/3 line. Ultimately it would have been best to have done it with the original framing, as it would have provided a little better view of the road / driveway as well. Of course, I have no idea what was to the right of the frame, and you may have framed it this way intentionally to avoid capturing an unwanted object in the frame. Ultimately, your original exposure level was good, but I'd have personally merged a couple of more exposures for this particular photograph. 1/2 stop down would've brought out some more of the details in the posts in the foreground and made the sky less black, and a full stop up would've cut down on some of the blown out highlights in the clouds. Altogether, I like the photograph, and it's quite good the way it is. Mostly these are just stylistic preferences.|
Wow, these look both lovely and tasty. When I first saw them I thought they were real. Imagine my surprise when I saw they are digital! I'll review each left to right. The flan shine is in the perfect place, and the topping looks great. The texture of the cake looks realistic, and the frosting swirls and peaks look airy. I'm not sure what this desert is, but I want to find a real one and give it a try! The sauce transparency looks natural and very well done. All in all these all look wonderful and real, and I'm still surprised at how digital art can look so good.|
My only real negative critique is the formatting on the text. It's very difficult to read certain words, and the contrasting colors were hard to look at too long. A lot of the graphics seem pushed together, making it look busy overall. However, the intent, the idea and meaning behind it is heartwarming. You can never go wrong trying to honor such a great human being. Change the background a bit -- so that it all flows cohesively -- and maybe make picture bigger so that it doesn't seem so squished. I would also suggest maybe making the center text a little bigger, more pronounced. If you want to make it the focal point, you'd need to make it stand out a little more than the pictures or quotes.|
Hmm...I think this piece truely represents canibalism, but heres a few things that make the scene much creepier than its original state. 1.The Scenery Making the background darker and in a certain area such as an alley, the forest, an old broken house, etc. Would give the viewer the chills when they see this art. Or even putting some blod splashed behind the character or a corpse would help as well. So practicing on background will make yojr art stand out. 2. Detail details details There are two things that making a few details and touch ups on them will give the viewer nightmares, the girl and what she's nibbling on. Go crazy and make her hair wild, tear and beat up her clothing, and smudge that blood all over her mouth dripping down to her clothes. The thing shes eating looks like a skinny bone from where I am. Add some raw flesh with the teared skin still on, bloody muscles, and a few creepy crawlies too. I hope this critique will improve your already great skills. Never Stop Improving!|
Absolutely amazing!!! The background silhouette characters look original, especially the one to kid's right with the bandage arm. The main characters look EXACTLY like their anime counterparts, it's impossible to impose a difference. Maka and Crona look phenomenal. Their facial expression and their appearance in general. The blush looks transparent, that was a great idea! Some art has them both blushing like mad or Crona looking like a tomato, which isn't necessarily bad, but in the "screenshot" you drew it would be realistic for them both to lightly blush in this moment. All the character's heights look realistic, usually Crona is Maka's height in most fanart. It's great to see all the detail you put into this, from both the art and your description on why Croma should be headcanon. In which I agree completely! (Also thank you for not spoiling the manga, I'm buying the manga instead of reading it online because I like the series enough in which the author should rightly get the credit he deserves.)|
One of the most beautiful black and white photographs of an animal I have ever seen. The horizon is tilted, a feature that usually makes for a bad image, but here it works wonderfully, to add to the sense of action. The textures and details are sharp and clear. We can clearly see the movement and shapes of the muscle structure of this fine animal. There is also a very good choice of depth of field and exposure, bringing out the best of contrast. It is over all a very appealing, interesting, and exciting image, especially for one who loves horses. Nicely done, indeed.|
It's really good, the eyes aren't like the ones Yuri's original artist drew but that's what makes this art original. The hair is nice, maybe the shirt could be a bit lighter at the bottom to represent the mauve kind of color fabric. But that's just my opinion, that's how I would draw it, but of course I can't draw digitally or as good as this. All I have to say is this picture is very well done. Maybe you could've added some color to it, but I like the cartoo-ish feel the style of the shading gives to the anime art. Good job!|
Well, I guess I've never written anything here on DeviantArt, but okay... Let's go! So, yeah! I love this kind of picture that shows such a simple situation, just like this one. See, it's just Tails reading a book in a beach (with a loop on the background, which reminds me Seaside Hill...) and that's what makes it beautiful! :3 Not to mention your... drawing quality? (sorry, I couldn't think on the exact word...) What I mean is: you drawed and painted it so beautifully! Just look at those lovely eyes of him! :3 The point is: Tails + your technique (that's the word...) = SUCCESS! (Uhh... Tails has got fingers?)|
The colors chosen beside each other all wonderfully clash like a dream world. The fact that this looks entirely like a painting, but is actually a fractal creation is beyond unique. The texturing in the background is highly detailed and lifts off the page a bit more than most computer generation pieces, which adds the depth it would need. The only thing that stands out a little too much is the extremely jagged lines in the right side which holds an entirely different atmosphere than the rest of the area. It might work better if the right side looked similar to the left hand area's color theme. Anyone on this site would be impressed by the sheer effort on the style and color theme. Over all, I think that it is a fabulous artwork worthy of a place on display in a modern museum.|
The actual costume, makeup, and photography are flawless- the blood looks more realistic than some I've seen and I know achieving the effects of real blood without spilling blood can be nearly impossible. But from what I read in the manga, Madame Red planned her murders. In other words, these were cold blooded killings. I don't think she would be so frightened or surprised by her work, especially since she was a doctor and worked in a time before we knew to cauterize blood vessels. Just a thought- (I'm working on a way to capture her Jack the Ripper side too- its not easy)|
I really like the palette you chose to use for this, considering that Audino is such a soft-colored Pokemon. It reminds me of what I thought when I first saw the leak, which is definitely a refreshing sight, seeing as it reaffirms my belief that Audino is a pokemon that is intended for healing and caring, which is echoed by essentially everything that is initially noticeable in this piece. The pose that you chose, especially in the clasped hands and in the direction that the audino is facing, as well as the direction it appears to be moving echoes this fact. The emotion that the eyes convey also tell me that the Audino is capable of human emotions, like compassion, almost to the point of tears. Outside of the slight flaws, such as the smoothness of the lines in minute areas, as well as the curvature of the arms not being perfect, it's a very complete and effective piece for the point of showcasing a newly released pokemon and it's definitely one of my new favorites. It's encouraged me to get back to drawing pokemon and I hope to see more from you!|
Hello, Duncord here. This is my first critique by the way. I'll rate you based on how good each section is. --VISION-- The paws and palettes used look original and, obviously, colorful. It also looks like Remedy has a colorful personality thanks to this. I think it deserves 4 1/2 stars. --ORIGINALITY-- Although rainbow-colored animals are not the MOST original type of animal, the way this was shaded seems so wild and bashful. 4 1/2 stars once more. --TECHNIQUE-- Techniques vary a lot in how the shading goes. As far as this, I can say without a doubt this proves to be impressive in that category. 5 stars. --IMPACT-- I don't know how this impacts me so I skip it. xD --FINAL VERDICT-- 4 1/2 stars. Keep up the good work!~|
Great work overall! The colors you have picked fit well with the whole design, and even though it was quite simple, you made it look amazing by adding all those tiny details and effects. Simply amazing! The colors you chose are an adorably fitting color for this cute angel fish here, and the hues that you merged into the basic layer made it look more vibrant and detailed. Although it was a quite simple peace of work, your effort and time put into this can be clearly shone through this finished peace of work. Also, the pose that it's in is adorable! Fitting for it's image, right? Keep arting, this is amazing!|
On the scale on how much cuteness has been shown, it is off the charts 1. Volvagia, that one dragon in the Fire Temple from Ocarina of Time, has the entire cuteness in general. 2. Featuring Spike the Dragon, from MLP: FiM (or Gen 5 to some hard core Bronies), has a shine about it that some will find. 3. The Hero of Time, need I say more? Link, Hero of Time, also has a point to be shown in some aspects as well. The setting on the picture just brings out a world before danger in anyway possible; not to mention that so much Canon head stories may be told from this picture alone Cuteness has been shown way too much, and it is worth it. -Celesteon|
I think this one is pretty original. c: i like how you drew her also, but the glow should be a little more in between her hands.. Your shadding isn't very corret,you might want to re-work that, and you also forget the shading in some areas, and also try making her arms and hands bigger not really going to judge the background XD try adding a "paysage" behind her Or else, this is a beautiful artwork! i really like your still, you just have to try improving some things and it will be even better! hope this is fair enought!|
A day ago, I bawled when I heard of Robin Williams death, my childhood was wonderful because of him. This piece, though many similar on deviantart at the moment, made me tear immediately and reminded me of what a great actor/comedian he was. He will not be forgotten, and he is loved and admired by many. This art is testiment to those impacted by the creativity and craft that was the Genie himself. As pieces go, this art is fantastically sketched. I say with the upmost sincerity to this specific artist- “well done, your tribute is great and emotionally deep.|
This is a really beautiful piece. The lighting scheme is astounding. Soul's expression and his black and white shading remains cool and calm, while the red and black background just screams out insanity. It really shows how Soul was cool and composed on the outside but kinda nutsy on the inside and also shows his love of music. Again, the lighting in this is amazing, and I also love the way you did Soul's eyes; vey captivating. The only thing I can really say to improve this is to perhaps add a little bit of musical notes to the background. Other than that, this is a wonderful piece of artwork that really brings out a less-seen ide of Soul.|
I have long enjoyed the artwork of "Proud Warrioress", and her well endowed (and curvacious) law women and bad women. In particular I enjoy the fact that whenever someone is shot fatally the bullet hole is always in the breasts, partcularly between the boobs (or "titties" as "Proud Warrioress" calls them). Although she has begun coloring her drawing (and even using photo-style pictures), I find I prefer her black and white style drawings. The two colors and sundry grey shades make the pictures more stark and enjoyable as morality pieces. This is one of a series dealing with the exploits of Belinda Fulsome, a sheriff in Pillowy Falls, an old western town. She is a fast crack shot (and no mean knife thrower either), and the scourge of the criminal scum. Here she takescare of two such creatures, shooting one and stabbing the other, her actions being so fast that both women can't even strike at her. Actually the cmposition is quite simple and good, and results thouroughly enjoyable. I have to add one small point - but it is not a universal one. It would have been more pleasing to myself (with my own love of symmatry) if Belinda (sensing the trap the two criminals planned for her) had stepped back somehow, allowing the two criminals in their own haste to do Belinda's job (i.e.: he one on the left would have thrown her knife into Belinda's direction, only to have it enter the midst of the big boobed chest of her Latina co-hort, while the Latina fired her gun into wha should have been Belinda, only to have the bullet hit the point between the titties of the other bad girl. A sequel picture could have shown the two bad girls embracing as they died whil Belinda looked victorious. But then that is my slant on what I would have dnne. "Proud Warrioress" had other ideas, and did quite wel with them.|
I have read your first two volumes, and i can't believe i haven't bought the books yet. the story is amazing. but i will say some parts didn't seem fluid to me. but I can see you put a lot of work in this. over a years worth actually. i will say my favorite character is Namah. She is mysterious and has a fluid background. I also like that you change what main character we are focusing on, which all adds up in the crossroads of the story. The detail of the scenes are so rich in detail, Well more then others. keep up the good work.|
Words cannot even describe how amazing this artwork is but ill try lol First of all ive been looking at your work and damn. Every single piece is fantastic and your work inspires me I like the use of colours you have put in and it really looks like you have taken your time with this work. The skin tone is oh my godness and his eyes are wonderful I love your style in drawing and the bright colours not to mention the shading for some reason the hat reminds me of harry potter and kingdom hearts 2 good job|
It's pretty good, but I think it would have come out better if there weren't such dark lines at the hand and leg on the left side of the picture, they really contrast with the softer look of the shading in the rest of the picture. Like, they kind of unbalance it when you look at it from a distance, so maybe next time be careful not to hit it so hard, or maybe go the other way and have more of them throughout the drawing so it's not only consistent, but balanced looking. Also maybe soften some of the tones, like how the tones blend on the left leg, which looks nice, but then you look at the right arm and you can really see the pencil marks, and how the tones there are hard looking. Lastly, I think you should practice drawing hands more. I know people complain about how hard they are to draw, but if you can draw anything, you can draw a hand, it just takes practice.|
For the majority of this piece everything seems to be spot on with accuracy as well as realism. I especially love how the paws and legs look full but not over stuffed (which tends to happen quiet often). The only suggestion I have is that the muzzle needs to be a little bit more narrow and the ears need to be a bit more pointed. In the wild coyotes are more of a slender looking canine. Other than that, you've really brought this coyote back to life and I congratulate you on the great amount of success. Continue working on your taxidermy and I know you'll be one of the greats!|
This is absolutely brilliant. It actually looks like a book cover I would pick up from Barnes and Noble or whatever! Just a few things: The originality of the cover could've been a little better. Like maybe adding a few more details to the cover. Also a bit less texture. Not all books are going to be that way xD Other than that I must say that this is beautifully crafted, the image makes me want to pick up the book (if it were one) and read it and never stop! Well done, Epip! (End of critique yay k thx)|
I only have two pieces of advice. This photo could use more contrast, especially on her facial features. Too much contrast would eliminate the softness of the atmosphere in this photo, but I think if there was a slight amount more, her face would stand out and the photo would have a more centered focus area (on her face). I might even suggest burning the shadows in her hair because it would emphasize the texture. Also, I wish there was a little more of her lace bra/bodice in the photograph. Negligible errors though (if you can even call them errors). Great work!|
The idea is nicely thought out and I personally really love the idea of Spike and Link working together as a team. I have seen tons of MLP LOZ crossovers, but none with Spike as the one who is being crossed over so, good job. The technique is pretty good and all of it looks fluent, but Spikes eyes are a wonky and that's why it isn't a full 5 stars from me (btw, love the background). the impact wasn't to great for me because, I just really don't feel an impact (You know what I mean?) All together it is a great piece of art work. Keep up the great work!|
I think this is a very good work you did here, seems like an original screencap and that's something special in this drawing, i can't find much diferences between the chapter and your work. It's really cool. Their expressions are REALLY involving, you catched really good Crona in that moment specially in that party how shy crona was. And maka of course decided to teach crona to dance, i love it You need to keep practice in small details like maka's neck is a little thin in the base of her head-neck, be careful with throats, i love the hands but try to define them a little bit, with extra characters be careful about head - body proportions, (DTK and B*S specially, Patty is looks perfect, same with Soul) anyway, it's just practice. Crona and Maka looks like almost the original in the animation. By the way They're just small details, you can fix that in future, it's okay now. I think this is a very good worked fake screencap, i thought it wasn't fake at first.|
Miku-tan~! I'll start off by saying that this is a very wonderfully drawn piece, the lineart is very clean and well done, and the coloring was done very prettily as well. I think you captured Miku's character really well in this drawing, she's given a lot of personalities with the songs she sings, but overall I believe this picture gives off a sense of her "original" character very well~! ^^ I especially like the water effect and the light in Miku's hand, it makes the drawing feel very tranquil and calm. Even your username at the bottom still fits with the drawing. XD You're a very good artist, and I look forward to seeing more of your stuff in the future. Keep up the good work~!|
OH.MY.GOSH. This is absolutely amazing! I am blown away by how captive this made my when I looked at it. Usually, when drawing a burnt Elsen people use the regular blood gushing out of head, but what you've created is a bird of a different feather; an absolute gem among Elsen fanart and OFF fanart in general. I can see the concept of Spectres flowing from where his head resided as his final thoughts flashing by all in one beautiful mesh. I ENVY the creativity and effort that you put into this. Excellent work, mi amigo! Keep being creative, bro!|
When I first saw this photo, in my feed, I was awed at the tiny thumbnail. Bald Eagles are one of my favorite animals, for their majesty is easy to capture. With that said, I do see a small lacking feature. The lighting is rather dim. Whether it was manipulated to look so, or it is an unaltered photo, the grey takes away from the golden color from the eye, as well as the beak. But please don't take this heavily. All in all this was a very great shot, which I favorited, and if my critique was unsatisfactory, just remember beauty is in the eye of the Beholder|
this is soo scary, I don't think i'll sleep tonight. O.O I've played the game but it's not that creepy. I've played it 40 times. but this model..scare's me. it would be even more scary if it moved. with tails and knuckles in the background, and eggman. amy cream sally, but. it would take awhile. to do that, meh,.i just noticed that sonic.exe is not darkend much, in the game he looks normal but his eyes. anyway, this is super scary. (and i'm not that good at making critiques other ppl are not me, lol i'm done )|
Luna being one of my favourite ponies I couldn't turn this down. The composition is interesting on this piece Luna bing in the middle third while the mane and tail act as leading lines towards the focal point which is her, mor specifically her eyes and the green light. The colour pallets mixes well, contrasting the green against the blue and navy tones. For vision there is room to improve in the shading of it, currently it looks a little blurry and rushed. I like the originality of it, I don't think I've seen anything like this before. As I said in vision, there is some room to improve with the shading and highlights but the art itself is pretty good. The impact that this piece has on the viewer is that you get a sense of mystery from it, wanting to know what happens next In conclusion, It's actually really good, but if you took time to neaten the shading/highlights (which I can see you've done already, I'm saying like another 20-30 minutes or something) it could be a really excellent Luna drawing. Good job! I wasn't to hard on you...sorry if I was.|
Your strokes are very impressive. They give special slightly vintage feeling to the artwork. Also like the textures you used here - they go with those colors pretty well. Really like the design of this character - all those details you gave him make him look unique. Love the way you drew the character's ears and the fur collar around his neck. And that huge tail is simply gorgeous. Also his face expression and the thought about the food adds a funny touch to the picture. He begs for food and I'm starting to have a feeling that I want to feed him. It's great when the artwork "interacts" with the viewer.|
I think or I should say I know you did really good job on this pic,hope you don't mind for my rating,but let me explain how I was rating.You got 5 stars for vision,because you really did a good job on this one.Next is Originality,which I rate with 2 and a half stars,because you were inspired by something and you didn't think of that on you're own.Third is Technique I'm sure you deserved all 5 stars,because you have your own technique of drawing,that is inproving with every drawing.And the last one Impact,which I really don't know what to say,but I give you 4 stars for that,hope this is fair.|
Listen to my my friend. This is some of the best and IMPACTING shit I have seen on this website. If you do not make more of this shit you will probably get Ebola and die, so you might want to get your shit together and make at least 100,000,000,000,000 more pictures based on this good hearted man's adventures. I still have to write 41 more words so you know whatever man this shit is real tight though and you know what? I'm gonna up that technique to a 2.5 just because your technique to make such a great picture has blown me away|
Okay this is gonna be my first critique so I may overlook somethings or use incorrect grammar. I hope this will be insight and will help you improve as an artist. For starters, while the idea of The Punisher being in the Fallout Universe is a pretty cool idea, I really don't see that in this piece. Nothing besides the mushroom cloud really screams Fallout. For that matter, besides the Trademark Skull there this doesn't scream Punisher to me. It would be a lot more Fallout-meets-Punisher if we saw a full view of Frank Castle and some trademark Fallout enemies or even the Vaultboy. As for the technique, the tones and color aren't bad, but the mushroom cloud is quite bad. There's not much else to it since it's very minimalistic, but I feel that hampers it. The Punisher and Fallout are loud and vivid and over the top, minimalist is not the word to describe them. There should be action, brutality, and gore, but it just feels dull. Overall, I feel like this could use a redesign and have more Punisher or Fallout elements to it and could use a little more work and detail. Good Luck to you and keep practicing.|
Absolutely fabulous! You created such a masterpiece that deserves to be put in a museum! Screw Mona Lisa, this is much better! How long did this take you? Your whole life? Thats how long it would've taken me! And the coloring, just stunning! The yellow is see bright and noticeable, its amazing! But, the fingers were the best part. That was hardest part, wasn't it? It is so detailed, its just……. Oh crap, twenty seven words left. ummm Oh! You lost a few points because your "y" looks like a "t". But overall, this is the best thing I've seen today.|
Ah, the old thousand mile stare that represents a hundred different emotions that all wrap back to what gleam lay beneath the eyes. The art is as detailed as it would ever need to be, the best of which porbably being AJ's ruffled mane acquired perhaps from her emotional dagger, or the sprint prior to locating her sister. There is something to be said for subtly. I am very fond of your artistic decision to not make Applebloom's death obvious visually, because it forces viewers to empathize with Applejack's expression for more information. While the mere concept of dramaponies is done in all different ways, that doesn't necessarily mean this image has any appeal redacted from it. Ponies are malleable and there is nothing wrong with exercising how dynamic you can make a character through your own take of them in artwork. What it DOES mean, though, is that the most common type of dramapony art I have seen is the death of a beloved character, and a fellow beloved character reacting to such an event. The concept is not too original, but the execution you've provided is absolutely beautiful and turns this into one of the defining ways to pull off such a concept. Truly a fantastic piece.|
Since i woke up early and have a few hours to kill,i may as well help out and critique Some of your marvelous pieces. First of all i would like to say i envy all the models you design for.You have advanced so much with technique such as patterns,fashion styles,makeup,and hair.(zomg,haaaiirrr ;__ First design:I love the use of black in here and the lightish violet.The hair gradient is well drawn and i like the use of pink as it enlightens the whole piece.The spiky shoulder thingy is a great accesory,and i do like how it curves around her chest,although perhaps a color gradient with some light rock candy pink in the skull would enlighten the piece against the print of the dress.I understand that the dress is supposed to be plain and brought out with accesories,but i think the pink used in the lines is too dark,and perhaps a color gradient in the pink would be awesome and bring out the light playfull violet and skull.Her style is pretty girly too,so maybe some childish glitter glue type thing on the black would be pretty,in which case the silvery earrings would not be nessesary and you could make them the same color as the platform.I can't really see the earrings and what they are but they are beautiful,although if the platform and heel of the shoe were the same color(the silvery tone)as the earrings it would be a nice touch.Although the violety purple isn't my favorite color on nikki,the white and purple in the shoes really compliment each other.Although,i do dislike the plain purple and the plain tip of the shoe,and if the tip of the shoe was the same print as on the dress it would appear much more detailed.I have never really liked names in platforms or heels but this is starting to change my mind.The etchy,death-note likeness of the letters is fantastic,although i do see some other ideas that could be used instead(such as a stack of skulls,the earring motif ect) instead of the letters since they appear nowhere else in the outfit.(the letters could be used in some streety outfit ona cropped shirt or a large clunky belt for example)The eye makeup i like,but would of preferred perhaps a darker tone than the violet that is used very often in the outfit,and made the lips perhaps a light sugary pink,but hey,you may of tried that and not liked it,so your judgement over mine. Second designmamarymotherofgawd.First off can i compliment you on how jealous you are making me from that incredible hair.I love how you are incorporating your style and the MH fashion style with the newer 'in' styles such as pastel goth and pastel grunge,it really proves how you can adapt yourself as an artist and as a designer.I like how you have parted the hair quite naturally and i love the headpiece,although it is a little shame that the silver is only found again on the earrings,accesories and buckles,it wold of been nice to see it on the platforms of her shoes.(i think the slver compliments the black in her hair and i understand that this is a more natural piece,but the silver wold be just so pretty again the pink sheen on the black shoes)This design is my favorite(the third being close behind it)The choker,arm bracelet and finger glove i can not fault and they are the perfect accesories.The shirt/short combos thing is incredible,the girlyness and silky,slippery feel of it is perfect for the character.The light pink is erfect,although perhaps a small darker pink gradient on the edges would look even better,or instead the gradient on the top/bottom/both of the leggings that(although i love the color and sheen of them)appear too plainly colored in comparison,or perhaps instead avery light skull print would be very MonsterHigh.The darker pink netty fabric is brilliant,you pulled it off withought making it intrusive,actually very binding the whole farbic and design.I love the frills on the shoes and the shape of the platforms,the earrings are beautiful(me want,as i do the rest of this outfit)but i do realise there aren't as many decals on the outfit as there could be.(the buckles could be heart shaped for example to match the earrings)I dont really like the stripes of black in the netting glove ,and i think perhaps that the netting gove as itself would be perfect,perhaps with some black bangles,perhaps one with a buckle,or heart decal on it. Third Design:Can i just say although it;s different from her usual color pallette(which is also awesome,since it's kind of evolving,advancing itself,broadening itself to more varied styles,patterns and colors)The colors in the hair are incredibly appealing.She really looks like she spent some time on it,if i had hair like that i would spend all day long just admiring it.The lighting on it makes it look delicious.Although,i don't understand the trademark look of this line,(no telltale prints,looks ect)i do see thatis there is some sever difference,ehancement of character from one look to another,which is when they are posessed,or 'haunted'as the line states,by Spectra or the oc you and TheMonsterManiac share,Phantasma?(did i geddit right?: D huh?HUUHH?*persists like a six year old who wants icecream*)So i do get that there is more..sharp,almost awkwardly supreme qualities from one look to another,but i do think the black hair in the middle is too much.The shoulders,the sharp material,the spikes and black in the outfit already are very bossy(heh)and the curve in the hair is un-needed.The makeup i like here,although it is very bold and contrasting against her (BLLUUUEEE)eyes,but i think that is done purposly.The only thing i would change would be make the purpley strip down her eye silver t compliment the earrings.I just want to say real quick i really appreciate the entire construction of the design,it looks so haute couture*posh french voice*and it looks like it holds everything in place really well.The black is perfect,the top,i don't think i could love any more and it doesn't need much else.If ony they made tops like that that are sellable.i would wear it every day.I love the pointy hearts,the bare stomach too(i draw them waaay too much..)the only thing i can say,is perhaps to have stopped the hem at halfway of the calf and stopped the climbing studded straps around the ankle,perhaps bunched around the ankle as if falling down.The reddish pink of the shoes i like,i do not like the wedge as much,i think perhaps you could of made up some light pink oozy heart thing as you did with the top(god i love that thing)Okay,i know i said i liked the second one best but this one is my absolute favorite having gone through and appreciated the details.I love the biker look to it and how you made that patch around her thighs and crotch,it looks comfortable somehow.The earrings add to the sharpness of the whole thing and compliment the choker. the background is really nice and swirls the difference of the designs together among their similarities.I do like how there are too daughters of death in this line but how different they are.these designs are some of your best,well done!I hope you appreciate the critique and it has done some good,i look forward to seeing more art from you as i always do when i see it in my inbox. love,Crafty. P.S:Tell me if you ever see anything alike that third design's top online so i can pirahna fangirl over it and buy it|
I can say that when I saw this picture I literally yelled "Wow this is a good picture" Perfect view and area. 5/5 for vision. Originality, in ways it's original, in ways it's not. For example, it's not very original to take a picture of a sunset, but then again it's a sunset over the mountains and it has that other cold side to it. 4.5/5 For technique, this was a very well positioned and timed photograph. The photography technique was used very well and it was a very good position, time, and view. 5/5 For impact, I can say you could make a story with this picture as one of the pictures of it. Lots of impact with the great view and time. Though it could have had a better title. 4/5|
Visually, the character seems to pop off of the screen with a beguiling gaze, that beckons me to come hither. Her pillowy lips send a message of indulgence, while her salacious body intrigues me enough to stare, entranced, for minutes on end. The attire she's wearing isn't teeming with originality, but the way she wears it compensates for it entirely: her deep plum hair accentuates the black, skimpy outfit in such an unhindered manner, that I hardly noticed her silver collar with the ruby red diamond inside of it; the outfit is just THAT captivating. I'm pretty desensitized to this technique (voluptuous woman stand provocatively) due to the rampant number of them, but it still does not belittle the care you put into crafting this stunning piece of artwork. The visceral impact offers more than what I originally expected: I was caught off guard by her right arms' intertwining accessory, while the left catches me with what I can only fathom as a boot covering her arm? Either way, it's enchanting to see her pull it off flawlessly. to wrap this extensive review up, "Nise" has a niche of coming across as gorgeous while managing to simultaneously eschewing the realm of "slutty" that so many people nonchalantly toss around. Fantastic work.|
Very cute although it could be better if you colored it and did shading not to be rude but other than that it's wonderful and beutiful and maybe do a full embodied manga that would be wonderful keep drawing never give up no matter what no matter what anybody says its wonderful never stop trying ever its wonderful if anyone tells you otherwise don't listen to them is mean just dont listen and you know what i cant even draw hands and i come from a family full of artists and im the best in my ntire family your amazing|
Well, The Starcraft 2 Firebat has entered Minecraft now. Heres to hoping he doesn't set the whole damn world on Fire, Farlands included. Well, regardless of this guy's probable Pyromaniacal tendencies, and his debatable mental stability, let's get down to buisness. The mob design is, overall, a good look for a Nether Creature, and doesn't look too outlandish or gaudy to not have that "Vanilla Minecraft" look, and hell, even looks like it was designed by the great Dinnerbone himself! And I've gotta say, your art style's beautiful man,and really does succeed in capturing the essence of Minecraft's art style. So overall, I'd say this is easily a 8.5 out of 10, Just for the love of god, DO NOT make this thing a Blaze in a Iron Golem body, the last thing we need is a Stronger version of a Blaze that can also throw you at walls.|
Okay, first of all, I do not wish to offend you with this critic. I try to be as fair as I can, including both the art and the character itself. Let's get started: Character - Vision: I don't have any problem with the vision. You got exactly the Gravity Falls theme, and it's very nice to see you making all of this without a base, in paint. Maybe it's just that I couldn't do that myself, but for me, it is a very good point, so you get 5/5 stars from me. Even thought, the hair is kind of out of the style, rather original, but this is a good point, right? - Originality: Well, to be honest... It is pretty original, but sadly, there's a lot of emo-ish or gothic OC there I believe. Even if that, for me right now, it is original, but not even Gravity Falls is something new so even if I didn't saw it, it isn't that "original" by that. Except for that, I can see that you worked hard on it, and this is good. There's also a few reasons why you only got 3/5 stars from me in the personality part of my critique. - Technique: To be honest, as I wrote in the "Vision" section, I find it amazing that you did all of this by yourself without any base in paint. This worths already 5 stars, BUT according to other drawings of you even if it was just a small try or you couldn't do it right now, I know you'd do better with the drawing if you wanted. I know, I know, probably it's just a small reference, but you requested a critic on it, and even if it's not supposed to be big, a little bit effort on some shadowing or anything would look good. But even without it, it is pretty great. - Impact: This one... Well, according to what an impact is, it didn't blow my mind, or anything. It did make me suprised and amazed what I wrote down like 2 times now, but except for that, all I saw was another great art of yours. So, I can only give you 2 stars for it to be fair. Maybe it's just me thought. But still, keep up the good work! Personality / Character Itself To be honest, there's only a few, but still things that I can find mistakes in. For first, the character is indeed good. I can't say it's really original, but nothing can be 100% original, right? There's always going to be personalities that will match each other, yet you didn't steal it, so I won't get in this one. But here are some things that I found either odd, or weird. - I know, this point isn't really for the personality or anything, rather for the description, but I don't think it is necessary to write the name and the full name in different section, simply write it in one section. Unless the name is a nickname that your character likes to be called as. - This is also for the description, a little thing, but "crush" is when you love someone. Just telling you. - Here's a point. You say she hates to waste time, yet she can't be serious right away, which means that with the fact that she is easily can be scared and crazy sometimes, she does waste time. Not a little bit, and... Is she getting crazy about this, that she's the one wasting time, or...? Or only I can't understand this one? - "Parents made her go to Gravity Falls for the Summer one to go with one electronic" What... maybe it's my bad english, but am I the only one who can't make out what you meant here? Because, well, for me, this sentence doesn't really make any sense. But excuse me and ignore this point if only my english isn't good enough to understand it. - You say, that your character visits Tavi and May, which isn't a problem. But you say Tavi hates her for no, or atleast unknown reason, yet also describe that May loves Danni more than Tavi as a sister. Couldn't be that the reason why Tavi hates Danni? I mean, this is a pretty good reason to hate someone with a passion, especially if Tavi can get jealous easily. Except for that, I don't have any problem with the backstory, you did a pretty original character. I like the fact that she only met only one official character, not like all the other OCs who actually either related to them or in love or anything. It's also good, that they met by accident, not because they searched each other. The only thing I want to point out that's not that big, and I know that meant to tell that some people doesn't what they look like, but: According to what you wrote about her, I'm not quite sure if she supposed to be an emo-ish or gothic girl. Maybe it's just me thought, everyone has their own style, even I'm like that, I just noticed that. This isn't something you have to repair or anything, but I thought I'll mention that it's weird. Even thought I'm also wrong about this, and she isn't supposed to look like an emo-ish or gothic girll, and in this case, I'm terribly sorry, that's also a good reason I wrote this in smaller letters. For the character personality witht hat, I give you 3.5/5 stars, even if I can't rate this one. Good job! All I can advice you is, in future drawings, if you really request a critic, kinda put more effort in a drawing, like, I don't mean anything big, but I saw much better drawings of you, even if it's a small something. Even thought I couldn't do better, but still. Also, look out for the grammar, and the description. Be sure you give out right informations, there isn't any troubles with it, and it should be proper. There isn't anything else left to say I think. For me, this is a great art and character, a little more effort and it could be perfect, even thought it already is, because unlike a lot character, this one is original. So yeah, you got 17.5/25 stars, which is pretty good for me. Even deviantart will rate your deviousness for what I could rate about the art itself. All left to say is: Good job! Keep up the good work, and I hope to see more characters (and even art with little more effort similiar to your "Sweg" one) like this from you, and don't give up.|
Your title reminds me of Apocalypse 11:19. You seem to focus in the inside of heaven, in a peaceful environment. You also connect it directly with the next chapter, specially because of the glow that surrounds her makes her look like the sun. Still, you chosed only light blue, which kinda makes it monotone. Golden rays and a lapis-lazili-blue might have changed it. The virgin has a really beatiful face. Her enlarged proportios recall gothic style or later mannerism. Remember though that a common trait of Marian art is a small mouth. She does have a really nice maternal look.|
For the starts of this deviation, I have to say that this is very splendid with superheroes(Blade, Ghost Rider, Daredevil, and so on) and supervillains. The Ghost Rider's flames that produce light within the artwork along with the warm blend that reflects on the characters is amazing! That city looks the way it suppose to be, damaged by this war: "Superheroes VS. Supervillains". The muscles of these characters are literally 3D! The truth about this deviation is that I'm satisfied and nothing isn't wrong or erroneous. I like this because it's only one awesomely cool word to say is: EXCELLENT!|
This is so neat! It's really good! I like how Puphf looks in this style! The shading looks awesome and the way you colored it makes Puphf's colors really pop out! I can tell you put your heart into this picture! Very nice! And, I like what you did with his beak! Puphf looked at this and said "Hey, dat looks like me!" I also like how his body curves and the way his face looks! That in combination of his whiskers gives him a Chinese style that I really like! This is very good! I like it a lot! Josh approved -Josh|
These words make the reader feel important to the artist. Even though the world is big and doesn't give me a second glance, you not only keep looking in my direction but take me, the reader, as friend or as someone of high importance. These words make me feel greater than what the world has made me all because of your accepting eyes. There are a couple spelling and grammar mistakes, which should always be looked for before finalizing a piece, but other than that your poem flows well together and tells a story of a true amazing someone being brilliant and staying brilliant in your view even though they will not be so ever shining in all the world's view.|
Wow there are a lot of colors that really pop out and go well together! The coloring is just simply fantastic. I especially love the way the hair looks. I also like the fact it looks exactly like the character spray painted stuff on to the walls. Excellent use of texture against the walls and the paint! It's nice you can still see some of the wall. The little details you paid attention to regarding the outfit are also wonderful. All of the little folds in the sweater and the details on the shirt are outstanding. I really have nothing bad to say. You did an excellent job drawing this, and I love the concept!|
This is... perfect. It has moral meaning and high quality artwork equaly! It's just breath taking. I specially enjoy that polar bear over there. It's anatomy is well studied, and the shading fits perfectly with the background. The corporal expression is so childish and naive, playing with the snow without knowing all the horrors of the world. It trully represents the unconsciousness of society in the modern day. The again, you could improve a little bit your perspective. It's too deep. Like a black hole dragging you in. You could make it a little more flat by adding some highlights and white spaces, there are too few. Well, since I reached the 100 word minimum, I'll end this critique. Because this amazing artwork has left me spechless.|
Soooo.I will critique this one too then>3 First of all the background.It's pheneomenal.You're getting better and better at them,i love the curvyness of it. First designefinately my favorite.The shape and slope of her hat and glasses compliment her face shape and eyes,although maybe seafoamn colored spiderweb on one eye and maybe ebbing onto the other would be a nice touch.Her hair i think serves well on this outfit.I like the light pink lips,although perhaps a darkish purple would add to the mysterious side of this design.The clunky various sized beads of her dream-catcher necklace are beautiful,they look milky and pearly.Although,i do think the color of her dress,although printed at the bottom,lacks in detail.There could be a smokey black gradient from the top,or grey curves,perhaps spiderweb?The clean,smooth dark purple/black of her coat is great,but too plains together don't serve X3 the semi-transparant seafoam polkadot fabric frills are gorgeous and they really add to this outfit,i think you could of put in those polkadots somewhere else,like on her dress(chalky gradient perhaps?)The bottom printings on her dress i love,and the turquoise shiny belt is gorgeous,again you could of put in doors on her glasses instead.Her leggings could have a faint glitter sheen to them.The shoes i like,the shape especially,but the heel and platforms could have extra details on them. Second design:i love a lot here but i fnd some prints and decals could be used again in accessories and the like.There could be a black,turquoise,purple or grey gradient in the dress/skirt,i understand the plain black tube dress is supposed to be brought out by the other long skirt/dress thingy,but it needs something more,like a keycahin belt,perhaps a garter high up her leg.Bangles on her wrists?maybe a long spiderwebby necklace,you get what i mean.The shoes i luurve but the purple is too plain as itself,it needs a smokey gradient or a turquoise spiderweb?I love those studs on her shoes and the headpiece could be used again and again in accesories around her outfit.^w^Her hair is gorgeous(TURRQQUOOOIIIISE)But i would so of loved to see a Twyla with some short hair! Third design:there is so much yes in her hair,but maybe if you drew her coiling hair ending in bunchy braids or plaits it would look even cuter and girly.The smokey spider earrings i really want,and i like that i see them again on the shoes.The shors and shirt are cute,but the ruffles could be polkadotted(looked great on the first one )and the bows garnished with spiders Idon't think this is one of my favorites from you,but it does really show you know what twyla's style is on about so early!I can't wait to see more from you ^w^ Love,Crafty. P.S.*steals the first design's coat and runs away laughing manicly*|
This think this would be my 5th critique :-3 so ill try my very best for you. Ok here we go, here's a good start, I'VE NO IDEA HOW U MADE HER FACE SO WELL!!! whoa...O.o I really love this Art work, the shading and the light is very well done. You made her dress softy sparkle, I can see you did your best. The picture is rather elegant (hope I spelled the word right XD) But I would put Elsa just little bit lighter but to be sure it's still blends in the blue background, for so far I notice her side of her body is facing the light, maybe a full moon or something, very nice. You did Elsa's hair very well, The dark brownish gold is good choice for your darkness blue background. Her expression is interesting, you shown her that she is suffering the storm. I love the fact you did with snow spinning around like mad, it tells me the wind must very strong and howl so loud, like you with her hands almost to the ears. lf I was in there, my face would be so numb from the cold and very sore. So the expression also shows that to, maybe in pain or lost. Your art work is smooth and strong, And it is also eye catching, for your amazing work.???????????????????????????????? Well done star, I love it, my favorite artwork of her ?|
Now this is one of the best cheater x reader I've ever seen! You put a lot of feelings in it, like you have gone though this, and for that I have given you the rates of what I think your story needs. Thank you for writing this fic, even tho it did bring me to tears. (And very few have ever done that to me!) I hope there will be more! Because I will be there to read them all! Again I will say this is one of the only flics to bring me to tears. 00ponytail out peace!|
This shot certainly makes an impact, and a lasting impression! I love the lines created by the model's body, and the way her expression pulls you in, complimenting the plain, which seems to draw the eye in, and goes on forever. The colors all compliment, and the whole composition is balanced and pleasing; the main contrast coming from the opposing ideas of a gorgeous naked model, and the grimy mud. Which in this case, yield a beautiful result. I also like the reflected sky, and the reflection of the model, as this lends further depth, and fullness to the overall shot. In summary, this is a stunning shot! It was very well done, is interesting, and impactful, and I love it!|
Ok look not to be mean or anything but, this drawing looks like it was drawin pretty darn fast. Heres what I like about it: I like how you put the colors in each of the charcters, and i liked how you drawed the entire bodys. But when i see the faces I'm like: Oooooookkkkkk, vegetas face is fine, but Bulmas face is kinda weird when i saw it since the ees and mouth aren't lined up. anyways sorry for not critique and responding so long ive been very busy, but keep up the good work and never give up like Goku! From, Kyo Sohama|
I'll be honest, It's not awfull, but it isn't good. There're a lot of anatomy issues, even for a chibi. For example, the right leg on the front should be in front of the body. But you drew a line that represents otherwise. Those butterflies are well drawn though. Then again, the wings look like they're getting out her butt. It's the same problem with the lines I believe. The same thing happens with her face. Her left eyebrow looks like a bump or something. I don't know a lot of MLP, but that's not how their faces look like. Of course maybe the hair makes it look like that, but in that case you'll need a curve line to prove it. Her eyes are somehow in a weird angle. I guess you wanted to make a sad expression? The hairstyle is well represented though. Some flaws on the lineart. Now, the colours. The palette is well chosen, you can recognize the character. The background would work better with a lighter colour, so it wouldn't outstand more than the pony. The true problem is the technique. It doesn't follow any pattern whatsoever. And you leave a lot of white spaces. A lot. I know that when it comes to scanning sometimes it looks like this, but you could use photoshop or similar programs to fix that. Anyway, hope my critique helps you, and keep practicing ^^|
This is one of the best drawings i have seen in one of your other drawings. But anyway what I like is how you made the saiyan battle armor standout, how you made the shadings in the golden hairs, and a perfect background of what the hyperbolic chamber kinda looks like. Although the problem here is the hands. Gokus hands look like they are pretty fat, and as for gohans right hand, it kinda looks like hes wearing a mini chef hat. But anyways i Love what you did to this, what inspiring ideas will you make next? From, Kyo Sohama|
While I do like the design quite a bit, I do have to agree with the critique I read prior about rainbows being overdone. A lot of people use a rainbow color scheme these days and it's not very original anymore, sadly. Your faces are improving though, so that's a plus! I also noticed that one foot is bigger than the other. Was that intentional, or an oops? Here's a quick red-line for anatomy, just in case you need it: dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/71… Best of luck and keep drawing! Seriously! You've improved a lot since my last critique! Keep at it! ~Spar.|
Great perspective. There's a great compositional and lighting balance. The lines are excellent. I love the spiral design with ripple effect. Great combining of techniques for the desired effect. Your vision for the 3D element is excellent; the use of minimal color definitely enhances the overall appearance of the piece and gives it it's overall appeal to the viewer. All-in-all this piece is well done and worth sharing with all who enjoy great art!! Keep up your technique and continue creating. I look forward to seeing more from you and can't wait to see how you progress in your art, well done!!|
WIth a lot of cool, contrasting as well as fluorescent colours, this picture presents a lot of power. With hints of red spotted throughout the chaotic scene, insanity rather than control is depicted. With a simple dark background, as long as one has read the reference sheet, it is obvious that the location is within a forest, which suits the character perfectly. The design and skill within each blade of grass is incredible. Having the blades fan out creates the feel of immense power, the feeling that "Scarlet Bloom's existence alone is filled with rich and intense potential and strength. The tangled/messy mane and tail picture the wildness of the character and the utter disregard of modern physical beauty, but rather beauty within action or personality. The flowers have two purposes (i see). It is used as a link for the character to be attached to a natural habitat rather than a city. Meaning that Scarlet is belongs out of society's norms. It also gives her independence and strength as no-pony else could probably do what she does. The soul source of light coming from the flame in her flower forces the thought of, 'she is all powerful' within the place. The rapidly and majestic burning flame shows us that only her presence counts, here and now. Overall, fearsome beauty with power and strong effect to represent significant features. Unparalleled magnificence.|
Your title reminds me of Apocalypse 11:19. You seem to focus in the inside of heaven, in a peaceful environment. You also connect it directly with the next chapter, specially because of the glow that surrounds her makes her look like the sun. Still, you chosed only light blue, which kinda makes it monotone. Golden rays and a lapis-lazili-blue might have changed it. The virgin has a really beatiful face. Her enlarged proportios recall gothic style or later mannerism. Remember though that a common trait of Marian art is a small mouth. She does have a really nice maternal look.|
Holy… This is, amazing. You are my hero. You are a prodigy in the making. This has honestly brought tears down my eyes. How, how did you create such a masterpiece? I, I love this. It has so much creativity, it has put me to shame at how bad my art is in comparison. I am speechless. How did you make this, I have no idea. This probably took years to complete. This deserves all the awards, and would win every contest in the world. I feel like the luckiest person in the world just to get to see this. You, are my new role model.|
I love this picture. It's so detailed!!!!!! It even looks realistic!! The way you drew it is so original, It's amazing. I love how you made the crown. It's so cool and well shaded. The shading on this picture is perfect. It adds so much detail to the picture. It can't get any better than this. If you were trying you improve, you have accomplished it. I like how the hair fades into the background too! That's really cool. That adds a major detail to the picture too. The eyes are really detailed too, the highlight adds a lot to the eyes. But overall I think this picture came out really good, it's amazing, and you definitely improved a lot.|
I`M TOTALLY WATCHING YOU NOW. am literly doing this right after I did the mickey one. I really want to throw out my puppy and have this to as pets know. just OMFG I can`t take take it anymore its to cute. donnie is my favorite and mickey is my second favorite. so after seeing this and the mickey one you can tell am have a fan girl attack. and did you get the snort thing from the one seen in the new movie. and please don`t do any april x donnie one because april is a mary sue and apriltello sucks. =3|
Yet another lovely drawing! The colors in this one are so pretty! These kind of remind me of neopets for some odd reason. I think his/her little flipper is the cutest thing. The lines are so straight and seemingly perfect, this is a really good lil drawing. Yet again, I really like the textures on the color, its so creative! The lil wings so simply adorable and the goggles are a nice touch. Everything looks so well thought out and put together! Its so cool to see so many different styles in one little creature, yet another piece I just love!|
As always beautiful, unique, attention grabbing, detailed and genuinely enjoyable; your this is by far one of best works in my opinion, I look back on some of your other work and such detail. And while the workmanship is amazing there is almost always a fun story or interesting reason for your work. We can all tell that you put a lot of eIffort into your art and it pays off, making works like these the things that inspire me and hopefully others to develop as artists of all sorts. I look forward to more of your work in the future whether its as great at this or not.|
This piece is absolutley beautiful. Where do I begin? First i'll start out with the girl. I personally believe she looks so innocent, yet so guilty inside. Her dress is stunning and I love the detailed ruffles. I'm in LOVE with the hat as well, the roses were a great touch. Lastly I noticed the devil tails; Thats what I meant by shes "Innocent yet so guilty". Then we have the guy. First off I LOVE his head accessory too, it looks really good and represents devil horns. I also noticed the wings on his shoes which were just plain awesome. I love the right leg with the extra design on his pants, its a nice extra touch. I can see this is a couple and you defenitley hit this spot on. There are a few things I would like to critique however. You used a lot of red. I know it's the theme at all, but I was a bit dissapointed that both of their hair was the same color and both of their hairs matched their outfits. But hey, besides that, its a beautiful piece. I think you did a great job and this piece of work makes me want to buy from you <3 -Snow|
This is a very beautiful piece. The lighting, the expression, her alabaster skin, all give a softness, and an ethereal feeling, and were well executed. The body positioning is good, my only tweak would be for her arm to be less tightly pressed to her side, and the hands less firmly clasped, as it adds a feeling of tension, that isn't in harmony with the overall effect. Two other small things, that would have been nice, would be for her not to have nail polish on, and for the hair to have been longer, and maybe wavy. But overall, a wonderful piece!|
It isn't bad, you need a bit more practice, the body is a little chubby but if you were to make the legs longer it would look a bit better i know its chibi its just an opinion the hair and cutie mark look pretty good, no offense but I think the eyes are terrible you must make the eyes bigger and a bit more towards the snout or else it looks very off on a my little pony and the snout needs to be a bit more narrow but all in all very good job and again I really like the cutie mark mane and tail|
This is one of my favorite representations of Ankylosaurus, if not my favorite! Te mouth looks a bit "off" but besides that, it's awesome! Near flawless digital art! The scutes and armor look great. Also love the spiky tail club. It's plausible considering it was likely coated in keratin. The coloring is also cool. It really looks like a peaceful herbivore, but it also has a bit of a "Don't mess with me, I will screw you up" type deal to it. The pose is just as cool, sort of curious but also throwing it's weight around. Nice job Hellraptor!|
First off, D'AWWWWWWWWW! That was so adorable! I like when you made Ivan be in a coma, and in the beginning, when Raivis commented about him, and then they all got scared. It was so funny! And the ending was so adorable! And you took it from an event that happened IN the show, but added your own changes to it. I've never read a story with this plot line. Not to mention how funny it was when the reader reacts to Russia hugging them. The grammar and spelling was all correct, because, if you're like me, when people spell things wrong, it ruins the mood of the story. But my absolute FAVORITE part is the comment about Natalia being 'Hell-bent' on marrying him.|
I for one have never played OOT but have played a bunch of other zelda games. I also very like the mlp fim show and think this is a great combo! Spike doesn't only look cute but link and volvagia (if that's how you spell it :3) look adorbs as well. My knowledge from all the other zelda games is that Valoo and Argorok aren't as cool as Volvagia. This art is adorable and I love the drawing technique. I could never draw as good as that and probably will never come close. I gotta say you earned my stamp of approval!|
I think this is a very nice piece, although I can hardly see anything besides the Stars, it's very original. The impact doesn't seem right, it looks too dim, probably because it's at night but other that all of that it is a very nice piece. I think everything else is just beautiful with the colors and all the fine Marks on the dragon itself it's just amazing. Better than I could ever do. Amazing piece, tons of originality and very cool colors on the dragon once again. Keep up the good work and I hope to see more from you!|
This is stunning! The mane is gorgeous and so realistic. I love the pose. It's so fierce. I also like how the background is simple, but not one color so it blends in with the picture and doesn't take away from the main focus, but still adds a pop of color. The shading and lighting is fantastic. It also makes the drawing more realistic. The detail is amazing, in the mane the eyes, the body, the background, everything! Everything looks amazing and I love your art so much! I also love the color pallet. It's noticeable, but not to "In your face". Nice work!|
Vision and impact: Oh. My. Celestia. This is awesome XD by far your best dA-published comic. Maybe the fact that I can, somehow, relate to Twilight in this (read my comment for more details) have influenced me to rate it 5/5, but it is still very funny. Originality: Let's face it, the "Twilight facing technology" theme is around since early season 1, but this is the first time I've seen "Twilight facing electronic cashier". Rating raised by one star to avoid ruining final rating. Technique: You're not the most skilled comic writer around, but your drawings are WAY better than your vectors. Keep training, young padawan! ^^ Can we expect more comics with this style to come? I hope I could make myself clear. Have a nice day!|
The artwork shows very well on how people come across it as. It is very easy to understand the point it's giving. Comparing it to the reality gives the piece some good credit. The originality of it does not seem too origonal to me. I've seen work similar to this on other accounts. But the title seems most original. The technique used to make it was good, the book and the wording look like it took an acceptable amount of effort. The impact is great. It felt as if I was thinking a completely different point of view. Athiest or not, both show strong reaction to the artwork.|
You have such an eye catching style that I just love! You draw creatures just wonderfully! I love the soft shades you used on this to give some shading and still make the animal look soft and cuddly. I've also mentioned before in your other pieces that I adore the way you draw fur! It looks so fluffy and soft and I really wish I could pet it. Also, very interesting pose you chose for the character. I love the little eye wink, and how the eye that is showing is a bright green color. All in all, very wonderful piece!|
A great shot love the detail focused on the model and the framing is perfect. Congrats to all involved. The only change I would have made is to remove the the white dot , second window down on the right above the rail but that is just being picky as it is an all but perfect shot. Apparently I have to use 44 more words. but I have little else to say about the shot not sure how you could improve it any maybe Darken it a slightly ? but without playing with it I am not sure it would improve it any. Are 103..|
Wow there is a lot going on in this picture and I like it! You managed to draw a very beautiful and interesting piece that catches the eye! I especially like all of the careful details you paid attention to in the clothing with all of the rips and folds. The fire in the background is also a nice touch and gives the piece some nice orange and yellow colors to draw attention to it! Also, I like the pose you gave the character. All in all, a very interesting and eye capturing piece. Keep up the wonderful work!|
This is really good! Her eyes are stunning and I think the shape of the head is very well drawn. The lighting on the crown and neck piece is gorgeous. Makes it look more realistic. The shading and lighting is amazing. It blends in and looks really nice, without standing out too much and making it look weird. The mane is gorgeous. I love how you blurred it. It gives it a really nice effect. The background being simple is a great choice. It blends in, but doesn't take away from the main focus. It's very well drawn and I love it! Nice job!|
Im speechless, i am amazed, word cant express how great your art work is, for all i know is that you are a professional and you put your heart, time and money on making sure you get your work right and the outcome is so magnificent. I am way out of your league but a fellow artist always see others work as an inspiration to do better. I hope i get to your level soon, i hope i will get a career that has to do with what i love to do which is drawing. Over all, it looks great.|
She reminds of that dude ninja you made, wish I was better with names sadly. Well regardless time to recap. The vision is a solid 4. Everything is visible I just can't if that cloth on the ground or if that's the length of her hair on the on the right side. Originality is always a 5 girl. She looks as merciless as Keishi I think his name is. Your technique is close to flawless. I love the short sword with string attached to them, if I had a a scanner I'd give you a few ideas for weapons. cross hatchign at the lower half of her body, shading for the the utility belt. light and dark lines all nicely and neatly well done. The impact is a solid 4. If you know how to add landscapes into you pieces you would've nailed the impact. But regardless the work is still kickass.|
Just noticed this, thought I'd throw in my 2 cents especially since I've just realized that Critiques aren't a premium feature anymore So, basically it seems like an amazing view that's sort of hampered by two things, and those are: 1) lack of an obvious focal point, and 2) poor lighting conditions. Obviously for the second one, there's not much you can do if you're on a day trip and you come across a scene you'd like to photograph at the given moment, so in that regard you've certainly compensated for poor lighting with excellent post-processing. Colors are vivid and features are sharp. The color of the water in the lake is gorgeous, and the contrast between that and the whites in the clouds and the blues in the mountains is stunning. On the first point: composition seems to be my biggest gripe. The trees in the foreground are flat and distorted by the wide angle lens and I don't think they work well to draw your eye deeper into the image; it's a flat plane on top of another flat plane. I might have gone for something with a bit more parallax leading towards the background of the image, it makes for a visually more interesting photo. Additionally, with regards to aforementioned poor lighting, the shadows are quite dark. Maybe bring up the blacks and shadows in Camera Raw? At any rate, on the whole the colors make up for it. It's overall a nice image, but knowing the caliber of artist you are and the standards you hold your work to, I know you're capable of elevating your shots to another level entirely, Tobias. One final note with regards to landscape photography (which we're all guilty of at some point)... triangle shapes in the corners of images (in this one, the grass) tend to kill the composition. It's not a deal-breaker in every shot, but it's something to consider. iso.500px.com/landscape-photog… "Mistake" number 3 on that list. Also an interesting read if you plan on pursuing it further. 500px is pretty pretentious lately and not always right, but there are some great tips in there. Cheers mate|
I love it, I LOLed like 1000 times and it is expertly posed 100/10, and it is expertly colored, it's hard to fill in black with white. And this had a big impact on my life due to the fact that now I realize i like things saying booty. And this looks so realistic. It looks like it could come out and grab me. Well that's really all I have to say about this drawing that could rival picasso. However I still have to fill in 13 words, so go team booty, yeah you hear correctly screw team edward, screw team jacob, go team booty. #thispicftw|
This is a fabulous soft mount. The skill it took to mount the face to keep it realistic and life like is just unbelievable. Also, you got to love those ears. The legs don't look all short and awkward like most soft mounts' legs. It honestly looks like that man is holding a living, breathing coyote. Though it's hard to tell from this one photo, it doesn't appear to show the seams from where he was sewn. He has kind eyes accentuated by his brows. I can't say enough about this coyote. This is probably one of my all time favorite coyote soft mounts.|
The contrast and unity in this picture are absolutely stunning. The opposition of the elements fire and water so close to each other, but the unity of the flames and the burning light of the sun. The clarity in which the flames are captured is breathtaking, and the fierce glow of the sun's rays washing across the rippling surface of the ocean complements the feeling of peace that this picture invokes. The sun is setting with its promise of tomorrow, leaving behind the burning embers of the bonfire until it returns. Overall, the photograph is awash with a myriad of warm hues that further add to the comforting aura of the seascape.|
This is awesome! The colors and shading and everything look so well put together! I can definitely tell you spent quite some time on this one! The only thing that I can say negative about this piece is that the arm on the right looks a little strange to me, maybe it is just how I am looking at it but the shape seems just a little odd. I think it might just be the line at the elbow that throws me off. Besides that, everything looks really good! This is definitely a piece of work you should be proud of! Keep up the good work!|
First off I just want to commend the artist for using what I consider a near perfect balance of shadows and light (I say near perfect since I don't know what perfect really is.) I'm also impressed by the minimal use of color in the background, limiting it to trees and foliage. As for the rest of the background, I like the way the artist uses subtle gray shapes and lines to indicate buildings. Going back to the trees, I just noticed the lines along the tree trunks to provide just enough detail to enhance the picture. Getting to the main subject, I can't help but be impressed by the expression on her face. Most pictures I've seen like this already have the subject shedding tears. Here the artist catches the moment just before the tears start. What impresses me the most though is the artist's ability to get the viewer (me) to feel sympathy for her due to her predicament. Right now I just want to reach out and embrace her, letting her know everything will be alright.|
Well, yes, "Awwww" is the first thing that comes to mind when I see this image. This is such a cute dog, and the way you've taken the photo only adds even more to that cuteness factor. I think the angle is especially perfect as it is right at the same level. Also the angle changes the perspective on everything that doesn't say dog which is unique and fun. The minimal colors in this also brings the focus to the dog and not anything else even though everything in the background is pretty much in focus. Then again that is cool that the background is in focus as it is full of hearts, and what better way to say "I love you" but with hearts.|
We'll start on Eyes The eyes are adorable~ I imagine that if it was animated they'd be quivering in that small cute sad way~ Hair The hair is amazing I love the shading and texture~ I also love the floofyness ;'D Its just adorably cute<3333 Body It could use more texture and shading ^^ I do love the expression and the fluff in the ear~ But it needs more detail ^^ Bg Its cute and simple! Perfect for this picture<3 it sets the 'mood' ^^ Its cutesy and sweet~ The speech bubble is so cute! its a really nice touch~ All in all this is just so cute<333 ~Willow|
River and Atlantis look simply amazing. I love the about of detail on their bodies, as well as the glowing affect on the photophores. The gills are also well developed, perfectly visible on the dragons' necks. River's expression is pretty awesome to. It show's him calling for Atlantis, while Atlantis clearly doesn't care very much. The frills on the SeaWings' necks are well designed as well. The background is also well done, like the cliffs on a rock ocean shore. I can see the rocky texture quite clearly. The different shades of the cliff are scattered well. Overall, the picture is quite stunning. And a suggestion is more shading. (Plus I ship Rivlantis now.)|
Very powerful stuff here. The storyline was very dramatic, strong, emotional and impacting. A notice to be taken indeed. A picture to express the emotional toll of being born from a very mixed character like Molestia and a very chaotic character like Discord would prove to more than likely cause her to be bullied as a child which may explain the extreme disfiguration. As well as being chased her entire life to try and be eaten by people due to being made of candy. And then when things were dark for her, she found Rainbow Dash. A very compelling character and story indeed. However, the characters shading and internal coloring could use work. I also feel that there are a large accumulation of dramatic stories that already exist, so it's quite mainstream in a sense which is why I had to downvote technique and originality; Otherwise? Fantastic. Fantastic.|
You are getting better at this! I enjoy her gaze and I notice the "invisible line between her nose and her cheek. Now about the stump, I am speaking from experience, it should be use sparingly. The stump tends to flatten the image by taking graphite from a dark area and moving it to a lighter area. I think a stump would only work well on very smooth and light areas, such as her face. (I see you did that. Very good!) The rest of the piece should be the pencils only. About the highlights in her hair, many artists actually use white or off white paint (depending on the color of your paper) to get the highlights. This may take some practice, but it will come out nicely|
This is a good drawing and a very nice portrait of someone's pet (yours?). You've obviously worked hard to make this as true to life as possible and there are a lot of little details which show that care was taken while creating this. Without seeing the original reference, I can't say how accurate it is, but I do find the 'white' eyes a bit disconcerting. I personally think the eyes are the most important part of any portrait and, unless the dog was blind, I find that the whiteness takes away any particular focus which otherwise would have been centred around that area. It's very hard to include detail in black areas of fur without compromising the dark tones, but you've done really well with touches of fur detail in the lighter areas, as well as with the varied shades to empasise the shaping of the face and neck - there's a real sense of that shiny, healthy quality that short-haired dogs have. You've done a nice job with the fur's texture, too. The insides of the ears are very good, although the left one (the dog's right ear) looks a bit flatter than the right (his left...), perhaps due to the appearance of outlining on the left hand side? The detail around the muzzle is particularly good. I think maybe a bit of detail/tonal value has been lost when you photographed/scanned this in - with little bit of post-processing (if you don't have photo editing software, there's plenty of free online editors around) your drawing would look as good on screen as it does (I assume!) in real life. I think this drawing shows that you have a lot of skill and, although there is room for improvement, you should be proud of this piece Just keep drawing and you'll see the improvement in no time.|
Wow. How to begin? Having been lucky enough to know the basic backstories of this series, and having seen the progress made since the beginning I can appreciate very deeply the way you have written this and pulled everything together. The way that the story flows from the first scene to the last is very smooth and clear. I particularly enjoyed the fantastic visuals your writing inspired of heaven and the angels, that was very well thought out. I also found the scene between Neo and Lucifer to be very moving and so well written that I found myself not wanting that scene to end! The way that you have written this story and thought every detail out is perfect. And I don't like saying that in regards to writing, but it is true of this. Excellent work.|
First of all, Lovely pixel drawing! I love looking at it! It's so cute and colorful! I love how the eyes look, and the color transition in the octopus itself! I tho think the front tentacle looks a little weird because of the white around it. Same with the bow. Personally I like it better when it's just around the whole image(I hope you know what I mean) But I do like it in the rest of the picture! (like the back tentacle!) Overall, It's a lovely picture! You can see you have talent! I'm defiantly looking through your gallery and maybe watching you!|
First of all, what a lovely painting! I love looking at it, it's so cute and adorable! I love the color palette you used for this! All the colors fit perfectly together! The markings are awesome too! Like the little star on there! I love the stars in the hair and on the horns! Very original! I don't know why, but the neck looks a little bit odd to me, tho. I'm not sure if that's because of the hair placement! I also think you shouldn't have had added the white line around the star on the neck and moon on the tail, I think it should've been like the rest of the picture! Overall, great drawing!|
I see a little bit more of work than usual on Shepard´s armor. The lights on it look quite realistic, like if they were coming from above her. Traynor was good already on the teaser, but he scar and the pistol give her a new perspective, like she had fought with Leng already. The background its a bit angled to right, in my opinion, and the star is less shining than in the game, but it like that because it makes us focus on Shepard at a first look. Leng´s sword it´s really well ended and looks really cool. For end, I will say that I appreciatte Miss Fishbone for her work and effort.|
Firstly, I want to comment that this photograph (and the ones accompanying it in the series) are gorgeous. The model is gorgeous, and the concept is extremely artistic. I must say that I very much enjoy the use of heavy chiaroscuro. The high exposure of the photo, thus darkening the backs takes it from simple photography to artistic photography, where it is very difficult for me to tell whether or not this is a photograph or a hyper-realistic painting. I'm pretty sure it's a photo, but I might be wrong. I am trying to think of some negative critique information that I can trust in here, but... such critique eludes me, so I suppose that all I can say negatively is if you stop doing what your doing then I will be unhappy. Don't be unsurprised if I use your gestures for artwork.|
Absolutely impressive, professional, incredible well done. The make over impacat is extremely realistic and overstate at the same time. Despite of the not-exactly perfect picture resolution or the not-exactly inspired framing, the arm-subject makes an incredible screen debut, breaking it instantly. Anatomically you've done an incredible job, respecting every human flesh layer. Artistically grotesque, powerful, crazy, terrifying and really, really, really (seriously) anguishing (and, believe me, I'm not exactly a sensitive guy, from the moment I also work with horror stuff and crew: videogames and movies but this something unbelieavable very, very but VERY well done). Again, my compliments, that's outstanding.|
It's a very cute and lovely drawing! I see You've improved a lot! The anatomy looks great but they need some fixes, like with the muzzle! I also love the necklace it's wearing! You should look up some tutorials on youtube or deviant art on shading fur! But I recommend looking through some tutorials on deviant art but mostly youtube videos since I personally think you can learn more from them. Or watch live streams of your favorite artists! Also the background doesn't show much but the left side is lower that the right side and I think you meant it to stand on a hill but for some people it might've looked odd. So try to add more background or a different background!|
this is super cute and i really like it but adding shading would have made it look much beter but i really like it! adding shine to the hair also, her head is also a little to wide even for chibi but i like how u made the dress and the dress and her red hood waving in the wind or how it looks like shes running, it really adds detail to i,her eyes turned out really well also. her basket doesnt seem shaped correctly. but seriosly this looks really nice and i probubly couldnt have done much better ^w^|
I think it's a beautiful picture! The dog is beautiful and cute, and the surroundings are stunning! I love how the color of the surroundings and the dog match! The fact that it gets blurry behing the dog, makes it even more beautiful and pleasant to look at! The dog is perfectly placed in the image, very well done! You're an amazing photographer. There are a few grain strains in the front who are blurry, which in my opinion are not too appealing to the eye, but you barely notice it. Once again, Very well done! I love looking at it!|
Once again, since I rather enjoy renaissance/baroque style/inspired artwork, I will never disparage the use of practice of photographic chiaroscuro. Especially in this composition, I rather enjoy that you decided to fade to black in the background as to not distract from the beautifully artistic shapes of the body (I'm not sure if you are the photographer or the model; I suppose I will have to read your profile later). Conceptually, as far as the model gestures are concerned and the positioning of the prop, the position of the model's hands provides some sort of mysterious tale. The gesture almost seems to be indicative of guilt, remorse or sorrow? Yes? No? And wreath of flowers over the eyes causing blindness adds to this with a - I think - humorous touch that I am quite fond of. I love this piece, but this is no surprise since I am quote fond of nude men with floral headdresses, and, since we're on the subject, good use of cropping to censor. This creates tension not only between the hands and the eyes, but sexual tension as well. The only issue I see in this is that the there is a lack of connection between the hands (focal point?) and the rest of the model. I feel that the emphasis of the hands could be increased if the direction the eyes (or where we assume they are) are more pointed toward the hands. I feel that the face and the hands are slightly telling two different stories. Cheers!|
This is inspiring. The colours and expression that Make this piece is incredible. The illusion of movement in the hair creates a sense of flow that then works through the whole piece. The Red is very dominant which overpowers the rest of the piece in my opinion. You show true emotion in your work which creates a connection to the viewer. The fine details are perfectly executed and appear 3D. Also the facial features are very detailed but I think the eye doesn't look as life like as the rest and I would have made it less black. But all round this is an amazing piece of art and would expect it in a gallery somewhere|
Now, I don't really watch anime that much, so I don't know what's going on right now, but I don't have to. That face... just the way it's been executed makes me definitely know what she's feeling. Betrayal, embarrassment, confusion... just... AAAAAHH!!! Makes me want to cry! The girl is BEAUTIFUL, of course, not just the face, but the execution makes her amazing! The colors accompany this piece perfectly, especially that red face, it displays her emotion perfectly! The background is like the cherry on top, done excellently! Overall, I'd say this is one of my favorite pieces from you yet!|
It's realy good. But it has a few issues in proportions. Bother of the ears along with the nose are to long. You need to shorten the head as well. The coloring and other stuff is good it's just the physical aspects of the cherarcter seem off in my opinion. It's not supper off just a small bit long. It looks great and the way you drew it was great but as I was taught to watch for proportions I gained the habit of pointing out unproportional stuff. Now I am just typing to breach the word cap of the critique.|
I love your color choice. And I appreciate the color variation among the watermelons, it adds some good interest. It is a cool effect how the seeds very in visibility, like they are under a layer of melon. Your shading is absolutely wonderful! I don't get the impression of outlines, but I can definitely tell where objects end, and it looks like it has actual depth to it, I want to reach in and eat that watermelon!The cloth is done pretty well actually, the creases look a bit harsh, but not bad at all. I think the grapes were unnecessary, they were placed well, but a little misshapen and distract from the focus. I think if you blended the blue into the cloth a little more it would look more natural, but overall a good piece.|
Where do I start on this fanfic? IT. IS. Extremely and truly insanely adorable and made me be all gushy and blushy (is that even a real word?) and basically everything in between. I guess I should start from the beginning. I am everything the reader is in this. Introverted, non-caring to anyone else, and many other things. The thing that I don't relate to is the mean girls on the block but I guess that's what adds to the story, right? (This isn't about you, oh dear Patti) But, oh my goodness, Liechtenstein in this though, she's so cute and adorable in this!! Oh my goodness, this is so amazing and I can't wait for the next part too!|
Hola que tal! dejame decirte en primer lugar que tus dibujos me encantan >_< que talento! Tus achurados son increíbles ! Bueno y ahora noto que estás probando nuevas técnicas y eso es genial, muy bien Aunque creo que en esta pintura necesitabas remarcar más, mucho más las sombras más profundas por ejemplo en el azul más oscuro en la sombra de las botas, pliegues de la ropa, para agregarle profundidad al asunto, porque creo que algunas partes del cuerpo y otras cosas se pierden (o no agregas suficiente volumen), como las piernas, en especial en la que recarga el brazo, el tronco y el humo... o bufanda, no noto muy bien qué es jaja.. perdona. Otro detalle es que la cabeza tal vez quede un poco pequeña al resto del cuerpo y una capucha más amplia hubiese quedado un poquito mejor. Ahora noto que es un lobo detrás de él xD creo que debió tener más impacto y más detalle para que resalte un poquito. Ya si bien, tu estilo en pintura es más suave entonces sólo recalcaría el remarcar las sombras. Gracias por tu consideración y saluditos!|
What can I say? Simply breathtaking. I admire the strong brushstrokes and visual quality. But the impact is strongest from the vibrancy of the colors. Simply put it's my favorite thing about the piece! You combine warm and cool colors without having them clash and that is no easy feat. If I were to say to improve anything (which is difficult) it would just be to keep practicing the method of warm/cool, and not loose that strength. Also see if combining these strokes with more form does anything (just to experiment) You are one of my favorite artists for a reason|
I like to give you a hug and this is so perfect picture ever and really nice buddy he looks like he hasn't got a hug for a very long time and he has no friends but I will be his friend forever for everyone give this pokemon a really big group hug all of us together and for all I wish he has a great future and a lot of friends and a mom and dad so I like him to have a lot of friends to talk with and lot of care from everyone huggle: today is a good day|
Overall composition and lighting are set up very well, they focus the viewers attention on the sword and the face of the character. The lines going through the picture make it dynamic, and help guide the eyes. Even though the scene is set at night, the character is not shadowed too heavily - the darkness is obvious more from the contrast between the dark and light areas. The flare effects work, but - imo - only just; a tad less might have been more. This is, however, really a minor point. What could be improved in postwork is the hair. It's the only thing which is still pretty much a computer generated thing in this piece. The semi-transparent strands of hair don't look that realistic (or painterly); the ear pokes through without affecting the hair flow. By painting over the loose strands, and by adding more texture and structure to the hair, the elf would gain both in realism, and in character. Overall, it's a very nice piece, and a good improvement on the "bare" render. I like it!|
Before I say anything, I'm sorry I gave you an unfair critique. I'll say the truth this time. Vision / Originality Pony creator, ech. She's be better off if she was hand drawn. I'd also think she'd look better with red eyes, just an idea. But, hey, thanks for not adding a horn on her. Now, I've seen a lot of peppermint ponies, and no, i'm not aiming it towards one pony. Vision, 3 and 1/2 stars. Originality, 3 stars. Technique. Again, pony creator. Ech... but if you use it right, it can look good. I kinda see it as a ref sheet of some sort, really. 4 stars. Impact. You know, I kinda like her, really. 4 stars. All together, she gets 15 and 1/2 stars. Good job.|
I liked the narrative and the speech was very realistic. This was a great pleasure to read. I have included the paragraphs from which I make particular observations or observe something I particularly like. I particularly like how throughout you have stated that there cultural differences between the centaurs and humans whilst illustrating it as well. ‘Edgar stepped into a clearing and found a centaur suckling her child. He threw his hands over his eyes.’ If he is the king’s advisor, why isn’t he accompanied by some soldiers or other people? Especially if he is old? This would need some explaining. The mother centaur would be on the look-out for danger. This would mean that she would have a reflex reaction before her brain could assess that Edgar didn’t pose a threat. A simple turning-away from Edgar as the reflex reaction would suffice. Disturbing Xorie and Fipp would warrant the apology. ' “I am terribly sorry, madam!” ' If she is suckling in the manner of a mare, then why would Edgar be embarrassed? Embarrassment ensues at seeing the exposed breast, which Xorie does not have. ' “It's all right.” ' In this case, it is ‘alright’, as in ‘okay’. To say ‘all right’ is to say that something is ‘completely right’, whether it is ‘right’ as in direction (e.g. the right side of the body) or as in ‘correct’. In this entire piece, every time you write ‘all right’ it should be ‘alright’. ‘Her tone was scornful, but with better things to worry about, Edgar did not take it to heart. He uncovered his eyes. She was feeding the child like a mare, not a woman, so he felt no need for embarrassment. He stooped down a little, trying to determine the gender of the young one. As with foals, it was easy enough to tell.’ I like ‘with better things to worry about‘ as it gives a small hint at what he is. Later, it is revealed that Edgar is old. To determine the sex of the foal/baby, which later you’ve stated to be smaller than a horse foal, Edgar would have needed to stoop down to an extent that would cause some difficulty, pain or stiffness. Perhaps add after the comma something like, ‘reminding him how stiff he was’ or something to give the reader an earlier clue as to his age. It may not seem important, but Edgar’s age produces an important conversation, which means his age is important. ‘The centaur made no reply. She stood with arms folded and her back legs slightly apart, gazing out into the forest. Edgar was disappointed. The significance of the situation had not escaped him, and he hoped she would talk to him.’ I doubt that Edgar would be disappointed. To begin with, he would be hopeful. Disappointment would come if he were unsuccessful for a while longer. ‘He felt the strain in his bones as he lowered himself down, and puffed and panted with the effort.’ With these as past participles, the grammar makes it seem like he did this *after* he sat down, when in actuality it would happen during the lowering-down. After the comma, make it ‘puffing and panting with the effort.’ ‘she would have offered to help him, or at least been willing to engage him in conversation to distract him from his pain.’ The centaur did offer him help, in that she told him where there was water. Perhaps change to ‘offered to help him further’, or ‘offered to help him more’. I love the phrase ‘his arms flailed uncertainly at his sides’!!! ' “Excuse me, madam,' Edgar said. 'I hope you don't mind my asking. How old is your child?” ' This would be one sentence, as the thing he’s making sure she doesn’t mind is his following question. Either: "I hope you don’t mind my asking: How old is your child?" OR "I hope you don’t mind my asking how old your child is?" ' “Really?' The fascination in his voice was genuine. 'A human that age cannot even support his own head - not until he is some months old. A horse, on the other hand, gives birth to young considerably larger than your boy. How very fascinating.” ' This would imply a direct comparison between a human baby and a foal. However, it is about human head-supporting being directly compared with the centaur baby, and then horse size directly compared to centaur baby size. This isn’t a comparison between horses and humans but centaurs to both. This could be solved by adding to the previous question, ‘not until he’s bigger in some months’ time’. Or, perhaps change to: ‘ “I’m surprised he’s not big as a horse’s foal.” ’ ' “I know.” ' If he was offended by being called ‘old man’, he would have had a reaction worth writing about after being told ‘ “you are one.” ’ ‘Edgar knew already that the centaur was not going to ask him his business. He also knew it would be folly to ask her directly what he wanted to know, but perhaps he could bring up the subject of his predicament in a casual sort of way.’ By using ‘knew already’, it implies some sort of instant realisation near the beginning of the conversation. As this isn’t the beginning of the conversation, perhaps change to ‘conceded’ or ‘realised’. Why is it ‘folly to ask her directly’? I’ve got the impression that the centaur is pragmatic and to the point. Being asked a question directly, like Edgar has done so far, would produce the best results. Edgar’s pain at sitting down, for example: the centaur only offered help (the direction of the water) once Edgar had said about old age directly rather that at his obviously struggling to get down. ' “I suppose I shouldn't stay,” he said. “But I don't quite dare go back home, you see. I've come from Victory Keep.” ' If the ‘But’ is to have a majuscule, then it needs to have a comma straight after it. If not, change the full stop after ‘said’ into a comma and make the ‘B’ a ‘b’. ‘The centaur raised her eyebrows. “Have you indeed? Let me guess. You're on some mission for the human king.” ' The guess is about he was on ‘some mission’, so they need to be part of the same sentence, so change the full stop into a colon, and then make the ‘You’re’ into ‘you’re. ‘The centaur laughed. “I'll never understand you humans. Kings… servants… advisors! Why bother living under a dictator if he can't even make his own decisions?” ' Really like this! ' “What? Oh,” said Edgar, “you mean like ‘old man’. Well, no. It doesn't make any sense, really, does it?” ' Does this mean that it doesn’t make sense for ‘young lady’ to be an insult? If this is the case, then why? Several times you’ve mentioned that humans and centaurs don’t understand each other: one would assume that a lot of each other’s customs wouldn’t make any sense to each other. This would produce an explanation, not reiteration that ‘it doesn’t make sense’. If this is not the case, then the sentence is confusing. ‘Encouraged by the smile, Edgar asked, “What is your name, my dear?” ‘ Xorie lives in a forest, where there are presumably deer. When hearing ‘dear’, as she’s only perceiving it phonetically without the aid of spelling, she would assume it was intended as the animals. Also, with humans and centaurs not understanding each other very well, it would be even more unlikely that she would understand this endearment without objecting. If they are ‘highly strung’, she would definitely challenge the claim that she was a ‘deer’. ' “I'm on a very important mission,” said Edgar. “The king would be very nice about it, I'm sure, but even so I don't like to go back empty-handed. A child's life is at stake.” ' If Edgar holds every faith that the king would be ‘very nice’, then he would object at (perhaps challenge) any allegation that he was afraid of his king. ' “The daughter of a friend of the king's, barely even as old as your boy. Her mother died in childbirth, and the father died of grief.” ' Speech often seeks the quickest way of expressing an idea, especially in a spontaneous situation such as this conversation. It would be more likely if Edgar said, “The daughter of the King’s friend.” There is no need to specify that it is one of multiple friends, as the reader will assume that the King has multiple allies; if he didn’t, ‘only friend’ would’ve been used to signify this. ' ”Well, there may have been poison involved.” ‘ I LOVE THIS. ' “Selfish brute! What about his child?” ' This wouldn’t have been said after being informed that there was the possibility of poison. I therefore suggest that ‘ “Well, there may have been poisoned involved” ‘ is made the reply to the ‘ “Selfish brute” ‘ (which is said during the same line as ‘ “Is that even possible?” ‘ ) line. The advisor would surely want to protect the impressions of a human, especially a human that was friend to his king. ' “I'm not sure,” said Edgar. “I didn't expect to find a wet nurse in the woods, of course, but having searched every town and village I am starting to feel rather desperate.” ' If the centaur baby is ‘not much more than a day’, and the human baby is ‘barely even as old as your [Xerie’s] boy’, then this implies that Edgar has searched the entire kingdom in less than a day. How is this possible unless if it’s a very, very small kingdom? If it is a small kingdom, then this should be made clear much before this sentence. ' “Could you?” Edgar's eyes dropped to her breasts, covered by a pretty garment fashioned from leaves and flowers. ‘ Edgar noticed the significance of the situation very early on and shortly before this reply mentioned ‘now was his time,’ he would have known that the centaur *could* feed the child. However, he needs to feign ignorance to keep the façade going, which would require something following his question, such as ‘he asked, careful to keep his tone questioning.’ This would be easier if Xerie’s sentence was ‘ “I suppose I could do it” ’ as opposed to assuming that he has already guessed. If she has already guessed that he had guessed, and indeed Edgar did guess, then why would he try the façade? Perhaps his ‘ ”Could you?” ’ could be, ‘ ”Yes. The foal has a choice, I imagine?” ’ which would then be followed be Xorie saying, ‘ ”I do find this more comfortable.” ’ He is a man. I’m pretty sure that he would have noticed that her breasts were covered up much earlier on. It is a very pretty image, so it would be nice for the reader to have more time in the story to picture this centaur with this garment. ' “But a human child I could cradle in my arms, couldn't I?” ‘ This is so obvious that it doesn’t need to be included. ' “Will it be quite all right?” Xorie asked. “A centaur suckling a princess, I mean?” ' Xorie is the kind of being who would take ‘that is… if you’re coming’ as meaning of course it’s alright, because if it wasn’t alright then why would Edgar make the suggestion that she could come? Perhaps Xorie should say something like, “It’ll be interesting, a centaur suckling a princess.” ' “Um… I don't know.” ' This follows Xorie’s baffling comment: nothing she’s done so far suggests that she has no choice in the matter. I would therefore suggest that you make more a thing out of Edgar’s confusion. ' “Of course you don't.” ‘' I like this. ' “He can stand, hold his head up and walk,” said Xorie, “and I happen to know your Victory Keep isn't far from here. We'll go now, shall we? I think you have had enough, my darling.” ' If a person was changing who they were talking to, they would do something in between talking to one person and talking to another. I would suggest you do something like this in between ‘ “We’ll go now, shall we?” ‘ and ‘ “I think you have had enough, my darling.” ‘ A simple head turn would be sufficient.|
My dear friend, Often i ask myself; what is Art? Since this is an entirely personal (therefore subjective) issue, i guess the replies to this question are as many as we (Art lovers) are on this good earth. But seriously... Here? You have just made me lose a heartbeat! Everything has come alive miraculously! Your colorful peacock would never be what it is if you didn't blur the background so wonderfully, only to make it wisely explode to the million details you have created, the texture, the hues,the patterns and the whole design, i cant even imagine how long did this take to complete AND with a medium as oils? Its crazy. Crazy good in fact. So glad i stumbled on this tonight...Keep on rocking us with your brushes Astrid!|
First off I'm going to say that your colouring style is just improving so much. I mean it was great before, but I feel like this piece has taken it to another level. This is just a really beautiful colouring job. The only thing that lets the piece down is the anatomy, and I will point out the parts that don't look right to me. While the perspective is good, and proportions are correct, when a female character is turned on that much of a severe axis, the torso should not be angled like that. Both of her breasts appear to be actually growing out of her side. The shoulder should have been drawn under the chin to make the angle correct, with her face turned to look over. The small of her back and both breasts simply should not both be visible. To turn like that is physically impossible. The second issue is with her left foot. Again, the perspective is good. But the angling of the foot does not follow the natural line of her leg. We should be getting a side view of the foot, not a frontal. When the muscle of the calf is tensed, as you have drawn, the ankle does not naturally turn that way. The foot itself is well done, but does not look right. Her other leg however is perfect and the foot excellent, especially the under view. Your new manga style is coming along really nicely, and this is a great design! Her face is just lovely and shows a distinct style. Just watch your anatomy when drawing turned figures next time.|
This is my first critique, so bear with me. This work is wonderfully done and the background is nicely done. I liked the idea of this picture it is very original, so I give you five stars on the originality scale. The shading is a fine quality for this type of cartoon drawing style so the technique is quite good, so five stars on that! I guess the vision on this art is humor? This piece gave me quite a laugh, because that's what I see it's intended for. The look on Twilight Sparkle's face is quite humorous she must be filled with power, not sure because I didn't draw this. Now for the impact, this piece is wonderfully done. I love it very much, the impact this piece brought to me was a good smile and a laugh, so I guess that's a five stars on the impact scale? Now if you wanted to fix something in this picture is the length on the pony's body and legs. Because if I were to put the ponies drawn in this picture on all four hooves they would look really short, but if that's you're style it's ok. Overall, I loved this picture. Keep drawing!|
Ok first off, Excellent work on the new artwork. The use of the grey and the colours red and blue bring out the emotions of the character. The white of his shirt symbolizing (For those who know the series well enough) the fact how no matter how much he kills, his Psycho-Pass ends up showing as clear. The red symbolizing the blood that is/has been spilled during his past murders or his current ones. And the blue for me symbolizes the fact that no matter what he tries he will soon be coloured in red, the red of either his enemies or the blood of his murder or murders. The length of the cords of his jacket symbolizes to the onlooker that he has killed more than he has spared of the human lives. The closing of his eyes symbolizes that he is done killing and even the smile or smirk seems to suggest he has a dark character or a sinister nature and will do anything just for fun or enjoyment, or even pleasure.|
Beautifull work! Lovely expressions and realistic textures. Congratulations! y ta, no escribo las 100 palabras porque se muy poco de inglés, pero está muy bonito, me encanta la mirada de los gatitos, te quedó muy bien también la textura del pelaje, muy buen manejo de luces y sombras. Solo noté un pequeño fallo en la perspectiva del perrito marrón de arriba que tiene algo en la cabeza, y si vamos a buscar perfección, el ovillo de lana azul, no está tan detallado como el resto del cuadro, haciendo que se vea extraña su textura. Por otro lado, me encantó la expresión del gatito que está sobre la izquierda como en posición de alerta. Hiciste un gran trabajo, felicitaciones!|
Primero de todo: es impecable, tanto luces como sombras, profundidad / perspectiva, colores, composición... Pero lo mejor son las texturas, que lo hacen más realista aún. Fue un acierto usar esos dos programas, a mí misma me recuerda a las ilustraciones 3D y la combinación de estilos es muy efectista. Un gran dibujo, una verdadera pena que el concurso estuviera amañado. Si te sirve de consuelo, aquí en España también suelen estar amañados, pero quédate con que es un buen trabajo del que seguro podrás sacarle partido aunque sea para tu portafolio. En cuanto al dibujo ganador: no es malo, pero desde luego la calidad no se puede comparar con el tuyo, incluso dentro de su mismo estilo cartoon. Yo misma prefiero hacer arte tradicional (supongo que porque es lo que me han enseñado, aunque algo probé del digital) pero en el fondo los conceptos son los mismos, luz y sombra, manchas de color, grafismos, lo que sea... En otras palabras, que incluso los artistas tradicionales pueden valorar igual la calidad de un trabajo digital. Por otro lado he de decir que la descalificación no estaba justificada, pues no le veo tanto parecido al Smaug de la película (que aún no he podido ver, sólo he visto concept...). Si bien en el libro hay una descripción, no muchos ilustradores la han seguido al pie de la letra, lo más importante es que es un dragón inteligente de color rojo (y en parte, la expresión que le diste al dragón refleja esa inteligencia). En fin, no te desanimes y sigue haciendo artes como este.|
I just about squealed when I saw this, and the way it's so clear, amazing!!! And the way the kitten isn't blurry and not moving, how'd you do that??? Awesome!!!!!!!! I'm amazed at how colorful and clear this picture is!!! It has so much detail about it that it boggles the mind!!! And, since I can't contain it anymore... AWWW, OMIGAWSH IT'S JUST SO FREAKING CUTE AND ADORABLE AND WONDERFUL!!!! Aidhridjdfidodoejfid!!! *Ahem* Now that I've got that outta of my system, I'd just like to say, that, your picture is great, you're a very very VERY talented person!!! So, have a good time with life!!! :3|
*This comment is in the context of ProjectComment* I like the angle that you chose for this photo. It is very nice to have something contrasted and saturated in the foreground to balance the diffused low-contrast background. The foreground takes this image out of the domain of snapshots, which typically suffer from low contrast throughout. I would like to give a few suggestions about shooting waterfalls. You know these smooth waterfalls that are so popular for their dreamy effect? That can be achieved though long exposure. I would recommend experimenting with that going forward. It's important to be able to imitate traditional takes on photographic subject-matter before breaking the rules because only by knowing how to do it "right" you can invent something really original. Oh, and please pay attention to people in your shot. This white hat is so out-of-place, it totally destroys the magic. Not that you need to avoid people, to the contrary, but try to make them work for your message/purpose. Nice shot overall, great potential.|
For starters the positioning of your model is very interesting: capturing a sense of modesty despite the lack of clothing. The drab background and all-white bed sheets go a long way in producing an image that, save for the model herself, could be conceived as black & white. However the crowning achievement of this piece, for me anyway, has to have been the decision to have the model paint her fingernails in such a pallet. Again in keeping with the notion that the piece almost looks black and white and first glance, the nails are the welcomed splash of color that puts the theory to rest with finality. Lastly the focus on the sheets/ wrinkles provides a crispness that is contrasted in the softness of the models skin. All in all, a nice composition.|
My only subjective critique of this beautiful picture is that I cried the moment I looked. It's beautiful, heart wrenching, with the words mixed with the scene. Loving caring, and most of all emotional. The lines going off the sketch may not be clean or perfect, but they add more than what a clean picture would have looked like. Short and precise in both captions. And the fact that it's not colored allows me to fill in the scene however I want to, any place, but with the same feeling. A sweet goodbye, and it doesn't have to be forever. Thank you so much for making this picture. Aladdin was the last movie my dad bought for me before he passed away. How Williams brought his scenes to life. I could see this in the movie. Rest in Peace, Robin Williams. No matter what you did you put your heart in it. And here's an artist who cared enough to put his passion into a piece in your passing. Thank you, very much David.|
Hi, I absolutely love this painting. It is my favorite! The painting technique is interesting and unique. I love the colors and the point of view. This painting makes me want to just sit and absorb the colors or to fall into the picture and walk with the couple down the pathway. I love the shadows and the highlights. The painting feels wet like the rainy night it is depicting. Thanks for creating this beautiful work of art and I can't wait to buy this. I will have to start hinting for this so that my husband will buy this on my birthday!|
Yes, I'm doing a pony critique. Don't judge. I like the theme of the depiction. A relaxed animal, with a cute star. You'll note I marked down for originality, as I see too many ponies. The grass could be more detailed. You should try practicing drawing it in spare time. (as a sketch) The lighting is also good, the clouds are accented, the star is displaying (a bit of) light, and I can see the shadow of the pony in the moonlight. I liked it. Overall, the impact of the scene was nice- resting beneath a cloudy sky, under the moonlight, with a friend.|
Vision: Where to begin? Anna looks both lovely and sexy, and the dress is stunning. Her smile is sincere, too. Originality: Good. Don't think I've seen much fan art of Anna in green before. (At least, not counting the dress she wore in the movie) Technique: Terrific. The colors are great, her skin looks soft, and her cheeks are nice. Only "quibble" is that her head looks slightly on the big side when compared to her shoulders, but that's a very, very minor nitpick, and really doesn't matter. She looks great. Impact: BOOBS! I'm kidding. But still, BOOBS! This is a sexy and cute drawing, the cleavage is hot but not pushing any "boundaries," and it's just a great piece of Frozen art. Can't wait for your Elsa and hope that she looks as happy and amazing as Anna does here!|
This is actually a pretty bittersweet story...it's pretty charming at some points, and...honestly....it's just perfect...and it's actually a real issue. Single fathers and the pressure of their kid asking, "where's mommy?". You handled it pretty well...also, even though HTF is usually a dark comedy show, fans like you know how to make something for it without the dark comedy and/or gore. And it's a great story about two characters who seem to have a huge mystery behind them. You found a way to create a story around this mystery, and in my opinion, you did an extremely great job. Yay|
Let me at first comment on the technical excellency of this work! The complementary colors you chose for this image are not only a feast for the eyes, they also emphazise the focal point nicely and create a beautiful contrast. The planet textures have a great depth to them. I can feel every single bump just by looking at the rocky surfaces. And the starfield is simple yet realistic - perfectly shaped to its purpose to complement the scene. Now towards my points of criticism: the realism. Someone in the comment section lectures you already on that. The point of this critique is mostly to forward this image to my watchers so it gets more attention. Let us assume that there is a certain way this could work, two planets so close to each with hardly any force between them that they behave as one - artistic freedom. Then the planets and moons appear as though they are swimming in those rings, when in fact gases, rocks and debris are orbiting around them. That means the rocks within the rings eventually crash with the planets since they are blocking the way. And consequently the debris will only orbit around both of them leaving empty spaces where the planetary objects are in the way of their track (this also applies for the moons). In summary I recommend to check out this artist's gallery for more fantastic artworks.|
So I haven't made a critique in a while but Please don't think I'm rude or anything but here we go 1 vision The anatomy has really improved from when you made Your last picture the legs are a bit long But it's great none the less so I'll give it a four 2 originality It's just your oc so since stars not doing anything So I'll give it a three 3 technique The drawing has improved like I said But I'm bad at this so four XD 4 impact I like this picture so I guess a three So yeah Eevee is love victnini is life :3|
".....explosions blood and hopelessness." His mother has commented. Just look at this painting. Does it not veritably scream those words! The murky troubled darkness, the splattered confusion, the almost hysterical, non-sensical madness in the swirling blotchiness in the painting is palpable. This is truly a remarkable piece of work from one so young. An imaginative, intuitive and thoroughly original piece of work. It would certainly find a place on MY wall. This youngster deserves every encouragement that I'm sure he'll get. Keep up the good work young George, I'm sure you are going to do very well with your paintings and I wish you every success. ??????? ??????, ??? ??? ???????????? ???????.|
The base coloration of the horse is very nicely done, but, that being said, I feel that the spotted markings lack depth and appear to be floating on top of the horse, rather than being on its fur. I would recommend lowering the opacity of the spots to about 60-70% and then adding another layer set to Soft Light to darken the markings where necessary, while still allowing the lighting to show thought. d to the horse, I feel like the wings are less detailed and don't quite match, especially color-wise, but also in texture. This may be due to the character's design, of course. I am fond of the flow and ebb of the mane and tail, as well as the sand beneath the horse's feet. With regards to the sand, I do think more strict attention should be given to how sand flies up under hooves, as it moves a little more like dust in this image. Sand, especially when damp, tends to cluster and become more concentrated. Finally, the seagull to the far left is much closer to the horse than the others and I feel as thought it should be less burred. The same goes for the largest seagull at the top of the image. I gave the vision 5 stars for the composition and sizing. Originality got 4 stars because horses running along a beach is a common motif; I don't always see artists adding in the sand flying up, so I gave it an extra half-star. Technique is a little lower because of the seagulls' motion blur, the wings, and the spotted markings. I gave 3.5 stars for impact because I very much like the background, the clouds are great, and the horse (for the most part) are very nicely rendered.|
Wow...its a great photo love the fact that its black and white as to represent the Light radiating through the darkness The way that it also shows the person going up the stairs is Is pretty cool too. its as if they are continuously climbing the stairs as if to escape the abyss that is life. Im not really into photography, so im not very knowlegable about the different techniques that you have used..Plus this is my first critique so im not sure what to say. .I hope you like what I've put ...if you do like it ,I would like to evaluate more of your photos|
Wow, this is really cute and adorable! I love the technique that you used to draw this! The colour is blended well and the accessories match it's suggested personality(cute, happy, etc). The salmon pink really gives off a vibrant and happy vibe. The border is well made and matches with the general colour scheme. One thing I would suggest for next time is to use a different eye colour than the accessories so that there is a greater variety of colours. But besides that, everything is perfect! Great job on this wonderful, well drawn piece! I rate it almost perfect.|
I just have to say that this is a gorgeous piece! The colors are well defined, the shadows are beautifully done, and the whole scene just gives the viewer a slightly tense feeling in their hearts. It also delivers the impact the situation Cullen is in extremely well, especially with the slightly scary condescending looks Lelianna and Cassandra are giving the poor templar. Though that might just be because Cassandra is just plain terrifying to me. You can easily tell that a LOT of thought went into making this piece and that love and devotion really reached me. Well done! Seriously, I can't wait to see more!|
This looks really nice and it looks so much like the Archie comic style! Blaze's flame looks really nice,but her hand looks a little weird (could just be me).Plus their poses also show their different personality's which is very nice. I defiantly like how you portrayed them. Although I would work on making the water look more...well like water...it looks too much like Silver's psychokinesis. Also note that Silver's eyes are supposed to be a lighter colour then Blaze's and one last thing where's the rest of Blaze's tail? Isn't it supposed to be longer? (Though it could just be the angle it's at that making it look short) Other then that I'd say it looks fantastic!|
when I first read this I sted cry beacause I LOVE silver so much.and it is very har omake me cry so ya ur really good. im making a silver the hedgehog death comic too but don't mind mine it's really dumb looking.but never mind me.ur comic is so cool I can't even describe how had I cry whenever I see this.so I can't wat the e next page to come out!!i'll critique what ever u want me to lol.but don't mind my stuff I draw it isn't even worthy to satnd next to urs!well this was my critique ;D|
I'm rather confused by the overall piece. The lighting is all right but it muddies the more intriguing parts of the body and throws odd details into brilliant relief. The navel, the fingers, the metal of the necklace (which is disturbing) and the torso veins seemed almost forced onto the viewer. The addition of the flowers on the head is a strange and distracting detail that obscures not only the model's face but the meaning of what you're going for. I get the references that this is attempting to make but it feels like it's a hodgepodge of "stuff" without making a real, lasting statement. The hands being held out the way they are make them almost foreign to the rest of the body, giving the overall piece a further sense of discordance. On the surface, the model's form makes you want to say "gorgeous" but, upon closer inspection and with any real in-depth study, the image begins to fall apart. The dark light, the over-styled (and pointless) headpiece, the necklace and the positioning of the hands - it just starts to wear on the viewer. This is best viewed at a cursory glance and not for in-depth study. Composition is good and balanced but it's discordant.|
I have to say I've seen a venus fly trap capture it's prey before, but in this image it gives that image a whole new feeling to me. I think the way the insect is looking straight into the camera like it is gives me that special feel. The focus on this is perfect as it gets you right into the action without it being too gruesome or something like that. I also like the deep colors of this shot. It really adds a nice depth and dimensionality to this image. Really well done on all fronts! Congrats to you!|
you are really good. the dress is really pretty! i do think the face could have a bit more of an expression to it by making her look at the flowers or something and by maybe closing the eyes a little bit more. and i like her extra long legs i think it makes people more interesting looking but by doing that i think you also need to make the arms longer. also the path way would get smaller as it goes farther away from her not bigger but in all i think its really good! and your coloring is perfect !|
VISION Düster, morbide, traumweltlerisch, so kenn ich dich. So ist dieses Bild. Es ist ein Eyecatcher, v.a. wenn man genug Bilder gesehen hat, die sich um den Schönheits-, Gewitztheits- oder Cuteness-Titel reißen. Der Blick wandert sehr gut zwischen dem Auge, über den Flügel, das Sketlett und hin zum Mond. Der Nebel möchte es mystisch machen und verschwommen und doch oder der Vogel, die Innereien und das Blut auf den Flügeln gut zu sehen. Das Wasserzeichen stört mich eigentl. beim Betrachten, aber vllcht ist das ja ein Muss. Das kann ich nicht beurteilen, auf jeden Fall stört es mich. ORIGINALITY An den menschl. Körper und seinen Aufbau zu denken beim dem Thema "das Innere" ist mehr offensichtlich als originell. Es düster zu halten entspr. deinem Stil und zeigt eher von Treue als von Originalität. Ich mag allerdings deinen Vogel sehr, so kein typischer Vogel. Die Pupille orange ist auch mal etwas anderes. Hat es denn einen Grund oder ist es einfach nur ein schöner Eyecatcher + Kontrast zu den Innereien. TECHNIQUE Da ich von DigitaArt wenig Ahnung habe, kann ich nur sagen, dass es gelungen aussieht ^^ Die verrottenden Hautreste und das schimmernde Blut. Mich verwirrt nur, dass die Federn falsch herum wirken, aber vllcht soll das ja nur den Traumweltcharakter unterstreichen ^^' IMPACT after death, we are only bones. Das stimmt. Und das zeigt du auch. Nach dem Verzehr und der Zeit bleibt nichts außer einer weiten Leere und unserem Knochen. Schade, dass unser Inneres so wenig wert zu sein scheint. Wer oder was war dieses Wesen? Was war sein Lieblingsessen? Konnte es singen? Hat es geliebt? Diese Infos gehen verloren mit allen, die dieses Wesen kannten - und zurück bleiben nur die Knochen. (und auch die nicht ewig ) Hm, ich denke jetzt habe ich alles geschrieben, was mir dazu einfällt. Ich hoffe, du kannst einiges anchvollziehen.|
Alright so, I'm not the best person at writing critiques but here I go! So I think this is definitely a beautiful piece and something you don't usually do! The scratches and blood/bruises are very well done. I enjoy the lips especially (they look very soft!). However, I find that it'd be good if you used more contrasting colours when shading and look into adding texture into the hair and jacket - I also feel as if there is no concrete light source coming from here and you should establish it a little more. Overall, I enjoy the atmosphere in this picture and you get your point across rather well! Kudos on making such a beautiful piece of art!|
This is amazing your art style is beautiful when it comes to making a pic theirs always a great story behind it. Your drawings all have something that makes people want to see more and I'm one of them so I should know. Though everytime I look at one of your pics I can't help but keep looking at it. And this picture is great i love it the detail is great the story is great and the impact it will have on people will be enormous and can't wait for your next drawing I'm looking forward to the next.|
I really like the colors they're not too intense and they don't hurt my eyes and they're pleasant.The vision you have in this digital drawing is really good and the anatomy is really good and the shading is also really good.The line art is slightly rough but it's not that bad bad because it gives the art a little bit of character.The flowers look really nice and cute too.It's impact towards me was really good and i enjoyed it but there's not a lot of things to see on this digital drawing but what i do see is really good and enjoyable!|
Vision: It's very clear that your intention here is to create hybrid Woman-Fox lady. While the well known aspects of a fox are visible (The tail, orange coloration, etc) you then stray away from those aspects in two clear situations. The first of which are the feet. Generally most species of foxes have paws more akin to dogs, which would have the distinct visual of... well, paws. In this case your approach was more akin to what you would see of a Werewolf out of fiction. While that would be alright on its own your ability to keep everything else generally close to a "hybrid-based" appearance rather than a "feral/were-based" look makes it stand out much more (Along with the cutsie style of the character as a whole.) Another thing worth mentioning is Fox pelt colorations usually leave them with black or white colored legs, in similar veins to how the ears and tail end off white with the rest of the character. The only other vision-based issue I have are the ears. I've brought this up before in a piece you've noted me about that is similar, but the ears could be potentially lost as a form of hairstyle. Generally fox ears plume out, rather than point directly upwards. Think "Tortilla" as opposed to "diamond" in terms of how you shape pointed-styled ears. Also worth mentioning is thinking about putting either darker or pinkish tones near the center to show that it is in fact an ear. Originality: While were-creatures aren't the most original of aspects, you've found a decent way to put your own "touch" on this character. It's very obvious from her weapon that she is involved in fights, which taking various characters in that type of genre into account, makes this already feel like she could fit in numerous scenarios. With her backstory eventually fleshed out, she could be a threat among many of fighting universes. Technique: Your technique in general is a double-edged sword which is somewhat exampled here. You have great attention to detail in your shading. Even comparing to your earlier pieces it become increasingly obvious that you are improving as you develop your respective "style." If anything I would say to work on some of your highlights more, as you've gotten better at bringing out the darker "darks" in your shading but still show trouble in bringing out the lighter "lights." Now onto the double-edged sword remark: Your backgrounds. As it stands (with no context) the background makes no sense. Generally your backgrounds consist of flat textures upon colors, which in some cases have worked out to have accepted results. In this case however, I feel as if the background is not working. I haven't placed this portion of the critique in the "vision" category due to it being a general technique you use, rather then the respective vision of the character in question. You should take the time to find the relaxing qualities in drawing the backgrounds, as something that would have brought out the bright colors of the character would have fit much better than these grey tones that are only there to "fill a gap." Impact: I'm curious to see what you have moving forward with the character and potentially others that will co-exist with her. It would be useful to look at this concept of "Cute/Feral" and find ways to mix/match other people in this "roster" if that is the direction that you intend to take it. If not, then to make sure you do not overlap the mixing "feelings" as to confuse the audiance.|
Now, I've seen a lot of vent art in my time, as well as drawn my own. But the pure emotion that you portray here in this image is so very powerful that it conveys such strong feelings. The rain, while it may not be overly realistic in appearance, fits perfectly in context to the scene and mood set by the idea with its colour and light. When seeing the wounds on his/her arms, this would appear to be a clear yet silent show of his hardships that have gone unnoticed to a blind eye. The posture of the character and how they hold their arms up appears to me that they are showing the world just how hard it has for them to cope. Having many friends in my time who have had this happen, self-harm, in their lives. I try not to be as unseeing as many others have been and here, your touching art is a piece that can move the emotions inside me and I hope many others. I truly hope you are doing well and that any strife or hardships in your time will pass with little grief to you, your friends and your family.|
This image of Shattered Glass Animated Sari is fantastic, She looks cool and anime like, perhaps awesome, Her shoulder crystals fit in nicely to her character, her hair easily flowing like the wind breeze is summer like, or that she is waking down the hallway chatting to Bumblebee or someone saying they are hear to save her, Sari's smile seems amused, like the comment is a joke or a pun that had been delivered late. I can tell she has a neck collar around her neck, the top of her chest is exposed like nothing covers it. Fantastic work. Cool.|
This is such a beautiful piece of art Serenity<33 the rain looks very good, and the detail you put into this. Now, I must say that the rain does cover up a bit to much, like the scars and lines. It is very good, but just a bit to much, make the drops a bit shorter when they fall, and when they go over the eyes it should be darker from the shadow, and fur. On the hands, the fur should be a little down, but everything else looks perfect^^<333 So that'ss all I must say about this wonderful art piece This is my first critique, so yeah..|
The whole painting scheme is amazingly captivating to anyone who is in a situation such as this. I found it mentally and emotionally outstanding in any form possible. Also, I found that the gradient quality if this painting was a bit obscured by the brightness of the rainbow colours and I personally think that there should be a bit more gradient properties on this work, but apart from that fact, I found this piece uplifting and inspiring to those who want to be different but are afraid to start to. I highly recommend paying more attention to the details when making a transition such as this, darker shades to lighter shades.|
I love it, it is very hot. The eyes convey emotion excellently, and the premise is (drinks a glass of ice water) very, very, very hot. I also like the way she's staring at the screen and going "Mmm..next victim", hinting that the viewer may be the next to get his face jammed into her bosom. You gotta love the mouth on that guy, as he is getting a complete "sexiness overload", and enjoying the view. A sexy part that no one notices is the lower part, the stomach and hips, which are very well drawn as well as the obvious parts (The boobs)".|
This is pretty cool. ouo I like the clean lines, and the hands the best. Very different from the way you usually draw hands. One suggestion I would make, is that perhaps you should look up the skeleton of a human, and draw it every once in a while. It's difficult, but it will help you improve even more. ouo;; Another suggestion, is to work on different kinds of styles, not just this one. ouo While this one does look great, I'd love to see you try some different ones. Also, try dynamic poses to help improve. I think that's it! ouo I'd love to see some more art like this, but in different poses. Definitely use stock images, and look for poses online, to help you improve even more! :3|
Well made; I only have one bit of a problem. Some of the lining is a bit too light for my taste; It does't have to be super dark lining, but just a little more defined in my opinion. The colors are smooth and feel fitting for the most part, thought a few, like the bell on the pred's collar, could be brightened. The acid could be given a bit more texture, and the mucus strands could be smoothed out a bit more, but they're near perfect otherwise. The only thing Left I could say is to maybe a a bit more texture to the fur besides the edges. This was enjoyable to see, and though everything could be better, this is by no means bad or mediocre.|
A strong concept with bold, stark composition. There are many things you can do to take this further though: The Pose: The way that she's leaning her head and upper torso back make her look like she's moments away from falling backwards, or that she was looking at the camera but was suddenly distracted by something over the cameraman's shoulder at the last second (note that her eyes are facing to the right). Also, her shins aren't flat on the ground, nor are her buttocks resting on anything at all. It looks as though all of her weight is being supported by her knees, which are in turn held aloft by her toes. Her left index finger also appears to be broken. Lighting: You appear to have a single key light coming from behind the camera. While the effect isn't bad, consider moving the key light to one side and adding some fill and back lights to accentuate her figure and create some interesting shadows. The Skin: It has a plastic-like quality, especially on her nose, lips, forehead and the edges of her feet. This may be the result of a combination of the stark lighting and the specular channel on the skin texture being too bright, but it's hard to be sure from this render. A good start. I recommend finding some actual photos of women posed in similar positions and using them as reference for 1: the pose and 2: the lighting.|
Vision: Great use of creation to incorporate the origins of the Elder Spirit. You really captured the age and significance with the descriptions of the young earth. This all flows right into the story of Frodo and the ring quite nicely. Originality: Well this is a poem off of Tolkien's work so I can't give you a high mark for fan fic. However, you did do a good job of using all the lore in a way that felt your own. Technique: Superb use of elements to structure the character. Your form really captured the essence of Tolkien. Impact: Tom was one of my favorite characters so of course I enjoyed this poem. I feel like it is a excellent homage to a great character.|
Vision: Strong. Honestly, I don't usually look at art like this because I love Elsa so much and hate to see her suffer, but you really capture her trying to desperately control the winter and being unable to do so. Originality: Solid. She just looks so upset here. If it were another character other than Elsa, I'd say it would look like she was trying to shut up voices inside of her head, but I know that's not the case here. Technique: Great. Very dark and effective. Everything looks grim and depressing. God, poor Elsa! Her expression shows her pain. Impact: Strong. So strong, in fact, that I may not end up adding this to my favorites because it makes me so sad. This feels like the moment where she's begging Anna to leave before she accidentally freezes her heart, right? Or it could be after that scene as she's trying so, so hard to bring back the summer. Regardless of what scene it is, excellent job.|
The detail in the background is so well done when I first glanced at this picture I thought you put a pony drawing in front of a real forest setting. I myself have yet to increase my skill in doing backgrounds as well as you have. Luna's outfit is also very well done. It really does give the feel that she is in a medieval time frame on the hunt, which I do believe Luna to be the kind who would do so. I see no flaws in this work anywhere. This picture is absolutely amazing. I congratulate you here. Well done.|
It's stunning! You can definitely see the emotion on her face, which is very hard to do. I also think the way you had the dress and cape swaying in the wind was a great touch, otherwise it would have looked stiff and awkward. Now, for things to improve... I don't see much! :3 Though I do believe that maybe you could have worked on the snow and wind a bit more, since it doesn't look completely right. Perhaps the curved lines were too far apart, or too skinny? Other than that, it's definitely SUGOI!! :3 I can tell you worked very hard on it!|
"I know that Matsuyama is inspired by the work of Eiichiro Oda, creator of One Piece, so I recommend that he takes a page from his book and puts Jin, and his other characters, in more original and outlandish settings. Its one of the things that Oda does best, and as long as he doesn't copy his ideas verbatim--as I'm sure he won't--his work will be sure to impress." Those are the words I told Matsuyama back when I critiqued this chapter cover. He has finally done it. Matusuyama is still distinctly his own man, but making favorable comparisons to Oda can almost not be helped. There is the same sense of vibrant creativity commonly found in Oda's splash pages, but Matsuyama truly does make it his own, bringing his love to Godzilla to the table and creating this lovely homage. The main characters of the current arc all serve their different roles, and they all bring their personalities to their parts. The only true negative to the piece are some apparent issues in perspective that occur with Son Wukong leaning into the fire. I've said it before and I'll say it again: this is one of my favorite splash pages. I cannot wait to see what Matsuyama does to surpass it.|
This is great ! You have almost every detail down, from the shooting star turtleneck to the headband. The shading is perfect and the body is very proportionate. Mable looks more realistic than I've ever seen. The only things that you could add are the earrings, preferably the stars which Mable wears with this outfit, an perhaps make Mable a bit younger.You could also add the braces. I congratulate you on your work, this is my favorite piece of gravity falls fan art so far. If you decide to add these extra details to your work, it'll be super hard to improve it any more, because it would be perfect! (Using the star things are hard! My fat fingers keep messing up the ratings! At least I fixed it now.)|
First off: beautifully captured! I love what you've done with this piece, more specifically the water. You've done a fantastic job at capturing that wet texture on the area's of her body and face. I agree with the critiques above about the necklace, having it submerge above the water may have done it more just, but overall I like it nonetheless. There is something I'd like to address though about the hair. It seems a bit dull, not because you've poorly, or failed to draw realistically. Her hair I feel should be draped down more towards the tub of water and soap. Instead its laying a bit too much on her shoulders. Overall you've done a great job at capturing the emotion in this piece! 4 out of 5|
I can tell compared to your other drawings that there is massive improvement in the anatomy and the fur, but the shadows are vague and the fur is still haphazard. (The eyes are a bit cross eyed too. )The basic shapes are definitely there, but the head could be more separated from the shoulders to make it seem more defined and less of a giant furball. And the fur seems to be going in the right directions, but you can make it even more realistic by changing the length in certain places to give it a more natural look instead of something more uniform. Also be bold with your shadows! I do the same thing where I don't want to make the shadows dark for fear of overdoing it, but the key to a good drawing is contrast, and darker shadows and also moderate highlights in places with more light can make or break a drawing. Don't go overboard on highlights though, that doesn't help either. (The color also seems a little monochromatic but I don't know enough about that to tell you how to fix it. Or if there's anything wrong.) But there is still such improvement I almost didn't recognize it as yours when it showed up in my inbox! And the concept is original and should most definitely be explored further. (Also I hope this isn't harsh or anything that is definitely NOT what I'm going for. These are just tips to keep in mind for next time.)|
This is a lovely scene! You did a great job following Andrew's tutorial! The materials are great, and the petals have excellent shape! Great job on the focus, and the lighting is excellent! I really see nothing wrong with the scene..... There may be a little too many flowers there for realism, but for this kind of scene, it is easily believable! Excellent job! Keep up the excellent works!!! Vision: 4.5 (Excellent) Originality: 3 (Nice) beacause I've seen this seen a dozen times before Technique: 4.5 (Excellent) Impact: 5 (Epic) Once again, thanks for the excellent work! God Bless!|
Hihi~ Lemme attempt a critique~ The purple really stood out, and it really did catch my eye while flipping through countless deviations. I think I understand where you are going with this picture, and overall, you really did a good job with the camera and natural effects! However, there were a few minor problems. ((Aish, how do I point out flaws in a nice way? This is too hard. ^^v)) Although the colour contrast of purple from the green is good, the flowers were turned to the right. With the main object of the focus being on the right-most part of the screen, the left is left dull and my eyes felt slightly unbalanced. The ghostly image of what seems to be several leaves does not help and breaks the blurring effect slightly. Lastly, the multiple layers of the dark green leaves makes it appear to be park of a 3D photo, which I am sure it is not. This can be slightly distracting from the original target. Overall, the starting impact was good, but the minor problems make themselves known the more this picture it is looked at. Note, though, that this has nothing to do with your skill of handling the camera, but instead it is the positioning of the camera itself (and of course, the occasional annoying leaf that somehow always manages to find its way in) . To be honest, I am not sure what caused the leaves' multiple layer effect, being only an amateur photographer. Great job, regardless! I'll just be here browsing your gallery. P.S. You actually make me want to start uploading the photographs from my camera. Your photograph has the power to motivate!|
Vary cute and great job with the sky and the color scheme! As for critique I think both arms should be facing outwards more depending on what's happening in the picture like if she's being launched into the air or flying. If she's going just upwards maybe add some more detail in the hand because it seems a little bland to me. Also on the right side her nipple seems to look a little out of place it looks like it's up way too high. This was based more on opinion so I'm sure tons of people will disagree with me, it's hard for me to judge some parts of it because I'm not entirely sure is to what's going on in the picture. Either way she's a vary cute character you have there and I hope to see more of her!|
I like what I see. Though there is a bit that needs some work. The left arm looks a bit big where it connects to the shoulder. The coloring could use a bit of work. The texture of the clothing is almost wood like. The hair could use a bit of work. The way it lays on pis head looks a bit unnatural. More work could have been put into coloring the hair. Remember hair is not solid and deserves more attention when coloring. In the drawing the hair appears solid unlike real hair. Other than that the background looks good and I love your style. ^u^|
This drawing is surely well made and it expresses a high level of creativity and imagination. The character looks very realistic and the its robes are original and well delineated and coloured. Its facial expression, however, looks distant and somehow detached by the rest of the drawing. Davin's eye is beautiful and its hue draws immediately the attention, but the observer can't really say what he's feeling or what the artist wants to express. He looks both cross and sad. The background in my opinion is not very attractive and it takes value off the drawing. I would try a stronger hue. All in all, the piece of art is extraordinary and beautiful. I have rarely bumped into such an original idea realised inn such a beautiful way. Keep practising!! You have talent! (I am not an expert art criticizer. However, I have studied art for several years. I hope this helped!)|
I love the setup here! It has a modern and a subtle calm feeling I'm sure makes a perfect working environment. The dual monitors are very nice, especially with the matching wallpapers. I like the fact the computer itself is open in a way you can see the insides. You could easily point out the different functions of the inner hardware to anyone easily I bet. The colors are vibrant in a hinted kind of way and it just fits. The only thing is you should use a mousepad Anyway, overall this is a really great setup and it's just fantastic in all. Make sure to keep it neat!|
really developed a drawing. I can tell you this much just wow! face really unique. the light effects are simply amazing. fascinated by the colors and sights of the people. the colors are nice and vivid. the head and the body is proportional to each other as well as the limbs. also sought to background. very precise work. the dress is beautifully worked out. the shadows are counted rendexen also shown with the light path. You still got me, especially the eyes. simply beautiful! there are no words. really like it, and with all due respect to the artist! I can only enjoy it.|
This is a very cute giraffe!! She looks like a paper-doll creation. I could defiantly see her as a cut out against a real life background! The colors are soft, but really stand out! I love how simple your lines are and how the background you used doesn't clash with her outline at all. Very well done and perfectly put together!! Your blending of her colors is perfect for your art style, not to smoothly blended but no hard lines where the colors change. And the simple markings on her body look great! Not totally authentic but at the same time you can tell she is a giraffe. Great work! Keep it up! :}|
Maybe you should try to not use the circle tool in paint and try shading? I'm sure you'll get better over time. it also looks a little flat, I'm not sure how to explain this but it doesn't look real it looks flat. Don't show the black lines, go over it in a darker color of the fur. Also when a character is looking right or left be sure to make the snout pop our more because it doesn't look realistic or cartoony. Cats have a smaller snout then dogs and if this is a cat then they would have longer legs and be sitting because they can't stand on 2 legs. This is also a very used meme. try to have your own ideas.|
I like the contrast of the blue background to the cupcake. The swirl on top was shaded very nicely, great technique! The cherry was pretty and I liked how it was a little heart shaped, matching the title of the art. I loved the texture of the whipped cream, good job on that. The shading of the top of the cupcake was amazing, it looked good enough to eat. However you need to shade the wrapper a little better and make the bottom of it a little more rounded, and that's about it! Beautiful color choices, this art gives off positive vibes. Congrats on this great piece of art.|
First of all, this is a really great realistic Pokemon piece. As someone said in your comments, it looks like a hairless cat. Which, in my opinion, what Mewtwo would look like if Pokemon was made to be realistic. The textures are really just amazing, and you piece is quite unlike any realistic Pokemon piece I've seen before. I really can't find anything negative to say about it, except that I feel like Mewtwo should have been done to be more intimidating. I mean really, think about all he's put Ash Ketchum and the Pokemon through, and you have to admit, even in his cartoon form, he looks pretty fierce. To end this on a positive note, I really think that you're doing a great job. Remember to keep up the good work, and don't get frustrated if something doesn't turn out exactly as SOMEONE ELSE think it should, because it's YOUR piece, and I would be proud of it, if I were you, no matter what anyone says.|
I don't like the color pink very much, but for this I'll make an exception. I love the shine and the slight translucent quality given to the clothes. I also love the partially messy hair because it gives the hair more detail and the wrinkles in the clothing are done to perfection. The shadow is probably my favorite part with the checkerboard background fading to night sky with stars gives the picture depth including the eyes. The bow is also very well done. Overall the picture shows a cute quality as well as a beauty and stands out with brightness and quality.|
I loved as you drew her with a different style, showing a more "feminine" look. Her eyes are very deep, remebering your manga style. The neck, of course, is longer than the original, but it doesn't make her look weird or desproportional. It gives her a stronger pose, at the same time it makes her, at the same time, imponent and seductive. Her rainbow mane is something that always catched my eyes, since the first time I saw the character, and you managed to make it with me, again! I'm sorry if I made any English mistakes, I'm from Brazil. I loved it!! Excellent work!!!|
This is really good for your first time drawing a pony on a tablet! the technique on the lines could be improved but it is still really good! The originality is OK (because portraits are used alot) but the background is really cute and unique-ish ^^! But it's definitly worth checking out! The eyes are good, (does not need to be changed!) the freckles seem to be really spread out, the line for the inside of the ear could be more thick. but everything is really great! I give it at least 4.5 stars! I hope to see more of these portraits soon!|
I'm going to start with positive points for this, and then move on to what can be improved later. To begin with, I think the technique of the shading on the egg is quite soft, which i think is nice, it gives it a nice natural looking shape, and i think you have the tones, shadows and lights quite nicely done there. I also like the shadow in terms of the contrast it throws at me as a viewer, the sudden burst of colour and cross hatching gives it a spontanious appearance. The colours being random are also quite a good aspect, as Easter eggs are often depicted as patterned or multicoloured, or maybe both, and there your egg appears normal until you see it's bizarre but colourful shadow. I think to improve, you could possibly add some deeper shadow on the egg itself, perhaps nearer the bottom and where the light can't reach, but of course remember the bounce light as well. This is just a suggestion rather than an improvement, but although i do like the shadow and it's rough appearance, i think maybe try how it would look if you applied water maybe, so all the colours bleed together to make a bleeding rainbow Easter egg shadow? Just an idea for next time if you're up for experimenting. I haven't seen the real image so i won't delve too much into improvements, but i hope this helps.|
Really love the lineart of this image. The way the lines become more thick at certain parts make the artwork more vivid. The coloring is simple but goes pretty well with the character's design. Speaking of the character (I have checked the references in her creator's gallery), I think you did justice to portraying Koi. She looks recognizable yet you have shown your own vision of Koi by giving her some emotions (love her face expression a lot!). The artwork has a nice oriental feeling which really fits this character. This commission absolutely worth the 300 points that were paid for it!|
What a beautiful piece! You clearly worked hard. I like how you use white bubbles to give it a soft fantasy feel. Good call! Also, good job with the hands, as those are difficult to draw.There only really seems to be one problem that'a sticking out to me, and it isn't even that bad. Her hip on the right seems slightly disconnected below the basket compaired to above the basket. I suggest that you draw her whole body first, then the basket over it, just to be sure. Great piece anyway, you did a really good job and you've earned a watch!|
I love the picture book feel.The animation is very expressive, especially with the indication of very light wind by making small but noticeable changes, like only moving the stems and small sections of the hair and dress. Her green hair stands out nicely against her clothes,and match the nature around her. The sparkles are very cute! I can't say much for originality, but sometimes it's best not to take things too far and leave it as simple, which is what this is;simple but very charming. Your technique is lovely! It gives me the impression of a story book or a child's daydream. I love the transparent trimming on the umbrella! Adorable!|
I have definitely never seen a piece like this one before so A++ on originality! I really like the texture on the colors. They really make it pop. Also it is something that I haven't really seen much in art like this so that is neat. But, my very favorite thing about this piece is the little speech bubble. "Meat!" That is so darn cute to me. Overall, I think this piece is perfect just the way it is and I really have nothing negative to say about it. I hope to see more art from you in the near future!|
I am really shocked by this collaboration of yours to see how good it really is. The heart with diamonds really fits into the title and her character making it more lovable. The 3d-like effect fits perfectly however I don't think the green glow should be in there. I also liked this little touch with these diamonds changing the color of Cadence showing more clear and brighter colors to this piece of art. THE FINAL VERDICT: NINE and half OUT OF TEN. Interesting concept with amazing work of this two magnificent artists shows potenitial in this still growing Brony community.|
While the pose and setting may not be unique, having such bright and stunning colors in a natural setting like this brings even more focus to the person in the portrait like a portrait should be! The lighting has a slightly artificial feel, but it does it's job of illuminating. I think if the lighting had been dimmer then it just wouldn't have the same impact. The focus of this image is perfect as the person and the tree are right in focus, and the background is slightly out of focus which again brings the focus to the person in the portrait! Really well done portrait of a very beautiful lady.|
Hello, this is Chrissy. You asked me to review this short story, and then tell you if the previous critique was true. First things first: My reaction. The feeling that a reader is left with just after finishing the story, comparable to the aftertaste after a meal, is important. Your story was not at all dull, but after reading it, I felt both sad and confused. The confusion, for me, stemmed from two main issues: One: The story could have used more detail, during both key incidents in the plot and the characterization itself. The missing description in the plot has already been addressed in the previous critique, so I will focus on the characters. Savannah, the main character, is the most fleshed-out of the bunch. The mother and father seem a bit stiff after their initial scene where they wake Savannah from her coma. After they succeed, the father leaves permanently and and the mother stays to talk about skittles. Lily, as the little sister, is easy to pinpoint as the martyr, but so little is said about her, other than her general meekness, that it can be hard to care about her death. It can be challenging to flesh out the characters in a short story, since there is so little time. I recommend writing short stories at a very slow pace, as slowly as you like, while forming a backstory in your head about each character. Ask yourself about his or her appearance. What's her favorite subject in school? How does he relate to his family? What does she do for fun? What's his favorite food? What's her favorite color? What are his key personality traits? Even if only a quarter of what you thought about makes it into the story, the character becomes more relatable, because you gave him or her a life in your own head while you wrote. Try not to use characters like templates; i. e. the cute little one who dies, the angry one who is sorry, the parents who mourn. Those characters exist in many novels, stories, and movies around the world. What makes your characters different then all the rest? Get to know your own characters, and showcase their best and worst traits in an interesting way. Two: There are also punctuation and grammar errors throughout the story that distract from the content. For example, the second sentence of the story has no period. Some places lack commas ("'Ugh!" I yelled once again [comma] pounding the steering wheel'" and "'Out of the corner of my eye [comma] I saw Lily flinch'" are two correct examples.) Overall, your writing looks promising. Your story evoked sadness and provided food for thought. Keep practicing and polishing, and your style will grow stronger! Now, you asked me to give you my opinion on the previous critique. I agree wholeheartedly with Aerode that your writing has potential. The paragraphs he has written about description are correct. About dialogue tags: I was taught to used descriptive words like "scoffed" or describe a character as speaking "raggedly" instead of constantly falling back on the repetitive "said." Nothing makes a story duller than the characters "saying" things. Those conversations read as if the characters were speaking in monotones. Yes, we can infer that Savannah was irritated, but using a dialogue tag to enforce that can be a powerful tool. However, I've met many amazing writers who disagree strongly with me. There's no law against it, though; if that's your writing style and you can make it work, stick with it! Many unique writers flourished by perfecting a style that others disliked. I think that the story seemed unrealistic to the critic partly because of the vagueness in key areas. For example, the passage where Savannah's mother asks her if she'd like a skittle as soon as she wakes up is confusing because the mother simply says, with no description of emotion to tell us what she's thinking, "Do you want a skittle, sweetie?" The question is explained later, but without a more vivid description of the mother while she asks the question, the scene is a bit random. Perhaps if you had described the mother swallowing her tears, then asking the question while forcing a relieved smile, the realization would have hit harder later when you explain that Savannah had said nothing but "Skittles" for a month before shutting down. Now, Lily's word, "Skittles" as the car flips certainly is placed to add token effect in the end. Of course it is! That's the arc word you wanted to tie the story together. You even placed the word at the top of the story as a title. However, an arc word is supposed to be scattered throughout a story sparingly, but noticeably, and then brought back with a "boom" at the end. Perhaps you should have brought it in once or twice before the car flips. Begin the story with the word, if you can! Here's an example: "'Skittles.' Gripping the steering wheel, I kept my eyes focused on the road ahead, ignoring my sister and the bright yellow car that had pulled up beside us. Lily glanced over at me, but I didn't respond. My friends and I had wanted to see that movie ever since it came out. We had planned on going to the theatre this afternoon, but no, my mother had to schedule her dentist appointment for today. Now, my sister was sitting where my friends should have been, and we were headed toward Lily's piano teacher's house instead of a hit movie. 'Ugh!' I yelled in frustration, pounding the steering wheel. 'Mrs. Thompson won't mind if I miss a week,' Lily offered, craning her neck to look over at me. 'Just turn around, and we can go home.' 'Whatever,' I scoffed. 'We're already halfway there anyway.' Lily slumped back down in her seat. 'I'm sorry, Savannah,' she said meekly. That was when I wanted to explode. I was already in a temper, but then my sister was nice to me and made me feel bad. I tried breathing deeply to calm down. 'Skittles,' Lily said again from the passenger seat. My lips tightened. Now, she was trying to make me feel better with a stupid inside joke. 'Not helping, Lily,' I growled, wishing I was at home alone in my room tossing pillows around. I wasn't, though, so I let out my frustration by stomping on the gas pedal, gunning the car through a yellow, almost red light. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Lily flinch. She pointed toward the road and started to yell something, but at that moment, a burst of pain shot through my neck. "As the wheel was jerked from my hands and the car hurtled through the air, I glimpsed a yellow blur speeding through the intersection and heard a faint whisper, the ghost of Lily's warning shout. 'Skittles.'" Try something like that. Arc words, like making characters in a short story more relatable, are challenging, but fun to play around with. In conclusion: Your story was a fairly solid work. You said that Aerode gave your work a bad critique, but he intended to help you better your writing and told you to take or leave whatever you pleased. He wanted to make you think about ways to improve even more, not to belittle your work. Remember, comments are given by those who like your story and who may be right on your level when it comes to writing. Critiques are different; writers like you and me ask for them because those who are more advanced in some areas of writing, who normally may not read our stories, will review our work and spend their time giving us input. Those people want to see us improve, so they critique our work objectively and honestly. I suggest that you keep Aerode's input in mind, particularly his advice about description and clarity during key plot points. Focus on those first. Then move on to characterization and perfecting story arcs, and your writing will blossom.-Chrissy|
I'm loving this shot. It has a very warm and candid feel coming from it. Your expression with the slight smile and wide eyed gaze gives off an inviting emotion. You have a look that is welcoming the viewer into your space and asking them to share this moment with you. The overall look of the exposure with a lightly blown out look adds to the warm feeling. The single light source, I'm assuming is natural lighting or at least the ambient lighting in the room, gives the look that this is taking place either early morning at sunrise or late in the afternoon at sunset, both being times of the day when we are at our most relaxed. Overall I call this a gorgeous portrait and is now my favorite of yours thus far. You continue to out do yourself time and again so I know in the future you will wow me again.|
Very cool shot! I especially like how everyone is in matching clothes and light armor it really makes them look like a team. The house you shot outside of looks great and along with the lens flair it makes it seem pretty Hispanic which leads me to thinking this is a SWAT raid on some offenders house! However the first thing that catches my eye when I look at it is the lens flair and how it is just overlapping the back two uniforms. In my opinion I would say that the flair is just a tad bit too big. The blue lines makes me think it is some kind of H.U.D or camera looking at everyone however the odd angle rules out that it would be a any sort of installed device. It really makes it interesting to look at and its a shame that there aren't any little messages related to the story behind the image or Easter eggs hidden in the blue light other than what looks like some sort of compass or ruler marks. Finally to be very nit picky and annoying I will point out that one of the shin guards on the front guys legs seems to have slipped down or is at an odd angle. In closing I would say this is quite a tense shot of that blood freezing moment before everything comes crashing down in flash bangs and yelling. Fantastic image and I hope you continue doing your best and do not take the aforementioned little pointers to heart!|
Ok people don't wanna see ladies' butts that's all I gotta say. and now I will just write random crud because its 100 word minimum elephant mouse horse crazy nerd star wars retarded moose cray cray cray fish lionfish no bad mouth words blah blah blah blah yadda yadda yadda yaddda yadda taddda bla bla bla bla fhsdouxyv bljfdhbck hdifluxcn l uhfndsxcvlujk hijfdx efrdiuhgnvio hifdjxbvn iusbhnd iuehndirehfdihegn isezhb fosj fjkn hourshdlo rosxhfnb oushzbdnx oajnx oahnsp jsikl jfdbvm l hjrnmk uotjhkm; hsjmdl, orjtkmg 4rhinj hwandmk,g ghjkl ghj ebndmf,. ghm hsjk hejfk hejf bdnm jdm,vdnmbhjekf ghjksd bndmv ghdjfk sghjk 2! 1! gjvhbk|
This probably wont be a good critique (as it's my first) but here I go. It seems to me that this picture (and the others in the suds and smiles series) are comprised of 2 parts. The bathroom in and of itself as well as the model. The bathroom is well designed. It seems very small with the door (partly) being shown at the bottom, but the bathroom also seems workable, and something that could be seen in someones house. In addition, the yellow on pink works very well. The only objects in the room that break it are the rubber ducks in the bath. This is very effective at drawing the eye to the person in the bath, the model itself. Normally I am able to show restraint with these type of comments but she is so hot it is unreal, despite the fact she isn't trying to be. In fact, despite her nudity, she isn't doing anything sexy at all. She is one the phone to someone, looking quite serious about the conversation. In fact, she seems so engrossed in it that it looks like she didn't even notice someone go into her bathroom and take a picture of her (maybe it's a very important phone call). In conclusion, this is a very well thought out, cleverly designed picture that is appealing to both me and my dick, with pictures like this being the reason that I am watching you in the first place. Keep it up.|
She looks beautiful. However, the resemblance to Rarity from "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic" is pretty obvious. Not only does she have the same color scheme, but her hair is curled the same way, she has the same eye-shadow, and her hooves are the style of MLP ponies. To make the resemblance even more, her high fashion saddle and headgear look like something Rarity would wear. The only difference is that she is an earth pony. Perhaps, you were thinking of what would happen if horns could be removed from unicorns. Other than that, the execution was awesome. The fabric covering is well sewed, enough to make even Rarity proud. The attention to detail (flowers, saddle, etc.) is good.|
3D modeling is a different beast to tame (No pun attended). And during some occasion it is obvious who is good at it, and who is not. With this piece, it is easy to tell that the person who made this knew what they were doing. The texture on the ground is great. The color palette is nice. And the model is beautifully made. The only down side here is that the "Deviantart.com" letters can't be seen on her leg since it is too small. However, great job overall. This is a great scene. And happy birthday to your friend.|
I would hug him.I love hugs! This shows that he has been meglected an beaten just because he needed a hug very very well done on the cubone mask. Really brings out the lonesome of a Cubone the lonely pokemon. This is very well done I hope he gets a hug from atleast someone great job on the blood features. Brings out the beaten part. Very well done I'm inpressed not offending but if he a shaded out sad face that would look heartbreaking sad. But you don't have to. Best wishes on getting a hug. I hope he does!|
Okay, here we go. I like the concept of the character, I really do, but unfortunately I've seen it too many times before. It seems like if some artists cannot find a new character to make, they think, "Oh, I'll just make a character with rainbows! Everyone likes rainbows!" Honestly, I do like rainbows, okay? It's just that when people use them as an excuse to make a brand-new character, it gets kinda old. I have seen a lot of characters using the concept of rainbows and stuff. It's very nice artwork, okay? Just not that much in originality. *sigh*|
Love how you made the colors pop in this picture. the makeup is done wonderfully and the outfit is professional simply love this pic. I'm not sure what anime this is from or if this is an original peace but it works. the red drapes plays in really well almost like there's a deeper meaning with it has in symbolic to kind of show what the main character is all about with her face being so nonchalant like she's a badass. and sitting drinking tea/coffee? further proves that. Keep up the good work I cant wait to see more pics.|
While the idea isn't 100% original, the deviation itself is very powerful. The detail in the eye really grabbed my attention along with the clear expression on the face. As for technique, your shading is magnificent and the contrast between lights and darks really works. However, I would suggest going even darker with your shading to maximize depth and detail. As for the cuts, I would say "less is more". The human brain often likes to make things that should be random into patterns (stars are a good example of this). I would suggest making the cuts more asymmetrical and uneven. After looking over it, the deviation leaves me with a feeling of a warrior standing against the odds, but also in dire need of support. Overall, a great deviation with a lot of emotion and soul.|
This is my first time doing this, so please bear with me Okay, first of all, I would like to comment on the general look of this poster. Ice Burst is framed pretty nicely because he isn't too centered in the picture. This is very good because it helps to keep the picture interesting to look at. Next, about the scenery around him. I can see that there is quite a lot of work put into the scenebuild. The dense vegetation around really makes it look like he is deep inside the forest. Extra credit on those little flowers and the bird flying near the top, it makes the scene look more complete. Now I would like to talk about Ice Burst's posing. He is posed pretty well here. You could try to raise his right hoof a little bit higher to make it look like he is walking and exploring the place. On to lighting... The environment lighting is quite good, I like how the volumetric light makes it look like the sun is shining down on the forest. Perhaps you could make the light a little bit more yellow, to give the scene a warmer feeling. Ice Burst himself is lit accurately by the light from the sun, but it makes these large shadows appear on the bottom of his face and chest. To make it look a bit better, I would suggest to add a soft light in front of Ice Burst, so that he is lit more evenly. Finally, about the depth of field in the poster. You can help to keep the viewer's attention on Ice Burst by increasing the aperture on the camera's controls, and then setting the focal distance so that the focus is on him. By doing this, you are blurring the background and foreground a little. This helps the viewer focus on the main character in this picture, who is Ice Burst. Overall, the poster looks pretty good, and you've been improving quite a bit. Please keep up the good work! And sorry for writing such a long critique xD|
This is another nice portrait. However, in this portrait of Julia her face seems a bit out of focus. Other than that I think this is a really beautiful image! I absolutely love the bright color of the dress she is wearing! I think that more outdoor portraits, especially summer ones, should have the people wearing bright colors. Especially if they have a tan that the colors will accentuate even more. She is wearing a hat, and you were able to get the light under the hat which is really nice. Too often that is something that can cause so many issues. It looks like you and Julia are a really nice team. I hope you two are able to work together some more.|
Hey! I'll start by saying that this is an EXCELLENT piece, no matter if it's "dark". I love the look of the rain and the facial expression is PERFECT. I think that this is a very original piece in it's idea, and probably the most well-executed "vent" work that I have seen. I normally like to give some form of criticism or critique, but I honestly cannot find anything wrong with this piece, other than perhaps the rain looks a tiny bit too linear (but that's minor). This piece is definitely not one to be overlooked- it made me feel and think about the raw emotion portrayed here. It's impact was, for me at least, unlike any other. Overall, I really like this piece and I think it captures your vision in a way that I cannot express with words.|
I'm already a sucker for WTNV but take my socks and feed 'em to the squirrels because the work you put into this shows. Usually my critiques are harsh but I guess that's just for fanfiction. The tattoo designs on his arms are amazing and the eye looks so realistic. Whatever you are doing. Keep doing it! I look forward to your works in the future! (Hope I'm not gushing too much). You should try drawing some stuff from "Parade Day" or of Kevin and Amanda when they host. I'd also love to see how you would draw Kaushech there are a lot of different version of him.|
I enjoy the idea behind this piece but I must honestly say that it needs work. My main problem is that while I admire the dedication to detail, this isn't suitable for a Chibi Character. The legs for one, to me look like they were cut and pasted to the body and look far to skinny for the width of the character herself. The dress is lovely but too much is going on and detracts from the character herself. I'd try removing the stripes, a several hearts and the two bottom flowers at the waist of the dress. The socks detract from her as well and I suggest just leaving them a solid color. The bells hanging from her ears make no sense and only further bother me. Her face is odd, the eyes are uneven, and the nose is distracting. Then there is her collar bone, the bones aren't even leading to her shoulders, they just stop at the end of her neck, making it look more like a necklace. Then there is the animal next to her...for a chibi that so detailed, this creature is oddly lacking detail, mainly with it's face. What I suggest for him is just a simple fix, give it the face of a teddy bear. It'll remain simple yet he'll have a face many people can relate to. Lastly, I'd like to say that this drawing could use some bolder lines, this will add a little character to your character. Again; while this drawing it's self could use work, the idea of it has plenty of potential. I look forward to watching you get better.|
Over the duration of your stay at Deviantart, Hara has been revisited. You keep bringing her back better and better each time. It's very fitting that at this point in time, Hara has now appeared as a Goddess. She had a humble beginning with the start of your account, faded into the background, becoming mythical until finally coming back as a full-on Goddess. It's great. You've established Hara as a stable OC of yours. You show a great deal of consideration and love for this character, and it shows in your art. Your vision of this character continues to be realized time and time again to greater clarity. Each time she has a greater backstory, a greater power and a greater presence in your gallery. This is great! This is why I give you 4 and 1/2 stars for vision. The half star is to because I believe you will only continue to improve the character as you go and as your art continues to improve. As you continue to grow happier with your art and your games and ideas. As you grow happier here on this account, I just know Hara will continue to improve too. She very much represents your spirit. Originality? This character is very much yours. She is very original. 5 stars! To add to that, like I said, you always manage to improve her story and the way you draw her each time indicates this. This time, Hara is a goddess and she certainly looks like one! ^^ Technique! Your art continues to improve. I love how you've shaded the body, it looks very realistic in design, just looking at her feet, knees and thighs you can see her anatomy quite well. Body density, the shape of her legs. The shading all adds to the image, making it great. I think your technique is great, as you draw more art, you will naturally improve upon this beautiful style. The hair and ears are incredibly detailed, as well as the face and eyes. You have a very good technique that like I said, will improve as you continue to draw more and more! ^^ 5 Stars! Impact will also get 5 stars. Not only is Hara back! But she is a now a goddess. This is a big deal for someone following your account. It is almost like having Batman show up in a DC comic as some sort of divine god. Hara is your "poster girl" of sorts, and now she is very powerful. Whether your other watchers have realized it or not, the impact of this revelation is huge. This is your character coming back stronger than ever! She's more powerful, not only in the story/description, but also artistically too. She's sexier, she's curvier, and she has a big presence. Plus, under impact, I have to mention that she is wearing a tiny bikini!! That's got impact too! Hara is back! This is great! I will continue to watch for more stuff from you!! ^^ Much love, Hara! :hugs:|
Excellent shadowing and light source, Good positioning of model not to far off center with good portioning of subject and background to keep it slightly unbalanced. Interesting but simple prop (banister/hand rail) to help frame the model and keep your eye moving. Nice and light feeling with a good emphasis on the models youth and physical grace. Only 2 things that seemed outta place (not bad by any means but simply something to consider). One, the wrist watch, which doesn't seem to fit, and 2 the product label. Over all very serene sexuality and relaxed feel to it. Thanks for sharing your vision. chrystophyr|
Wow, there is just one thing to say about this piece, This is the most cutest piece I've ever seen of Tails. I really really like how this is drawn, everything about it is just amazing, and it's cute to see Tails relax after all the hard work he's done, it's just wanna cuddle on him And I really like the background on this, it really fits the theme here. Overall, this piece is incredible, there is no words to describe how great this piece is, all I got to say about this is this, I love it very much, great job and keep it up buddy|
FRICKEN YES!!!!! So so so much improvement! Love this October! You did so well with the shading and the fur is phenomenal! tips: with the eyes in the sky (witch is a nice touch) try adding ver subtle lines inside for detail and add a sparkle or two to make them have some personality :3 Love the character design and position you placed them in, very nice. I live when I see improvement! You are an excellent example of this and I couldnt be Happier! Well done, keep it up please! I hope to see more from you soon|
Overall good image. I can see where you were trying to take this image. Left background needs a little help, either just her shadow or have the shadow look a little more even. might just be the digital version, but her face looks soft and over blotchy. Hoping it is just b/c it's a web image version full version. I think you want a rembrandt look, you need a little more light on the left hand side, Also with the light, maybe try to get a catch light into her eye, Looks like a void. Good start, keep up the good work|
I have to say that I very much enjoy the way that you convey the entire story without the use of any words. Your use of colour being kept in the pastel range keeps the tale "child friendly." The illustration stands alone as a story rather than the illustration for one. This is an exquisite quality as it transends (spelling?) the barrier of language or literacey. Bravo! Darker, or even "jewel toned" colours would give the piece an ominous depth. Is the piece meant to stand alone, or is it the illustration for someone's words? Love this piece! Thank you!|
The scenery in which is impossible to ignore is used to extreme fascination, catching our interest in a blink of an eye. With nothing to tell us past events, numerous questions run through our mind letting us get further enveloped into the image. Broken... everything creates a sense of distress and tragedy, making us worry for the two characters whom are obviously portrayed as significant figures due to the lighting. Yes, the lighting is fabulous here, obviously not an amateur job. The impressive fact is that there is a single light source in the middle of the room, meaning that every angle will have a different intensity of light (Lets face it, the orb does nothing). The candle, although is really only used as light, looks incredible with its lens glare and soft radiating glow. The gradient from light to dark as well as some subtle reflected and refracted light is great to see. It is especially surprising to notice the lighting to the hair as the style depicts extreme detail and skill. I can't speak much for the orb being an emotional or physical symbol as I'm not good with metaphors, however "QwixLochflow" has done another great review taking a perspective on the glorious pink thing. Moving on, The facial expressions of the characters depict intense emotion and anxiety. However there could have been a slightly more exaggerated feel to them. What they said, we don't know,(unless there's a FIM-Fic) but it is clear that this moment is of significance to both figures. Holding an alarming amount of questions, yet still intriguing enough for us to continue asking and answering them, this is a magnificent piece with little to fault.|
Amazing picture! When I was browsing your gallery, I clicked on this expecting it to be a photo. *Vision-- Like I said before, I though this was a photo. It's stunning how you were able to get that much detail into the fur. I absolutely love it. On top of that you were able to make it look so soft, instead of stiff. The only thing that I'm concerned of in this column is the usage of the bright light here. I understand that it's a very bright overall picture, but I feel that it was used just a tad bit too much in the cheek area. *Originality-- There are a lot of dogs/k9s "soaking in the sun" as we say. But I think the term is used well here. *Technique- I mean gosh. The technique used here is incredible. The fur is so ridiculously realistic, it's amazing. I personally find mouths being a bit harder to shade, considering that you have to balance out the wetness/dryness factor of the animal's maw, but man, you nailed that too. Great work there. The background, on top of that, being blurred like that really helps focus more on the dog. It has just the right amount of brightness and contrast that, though gorgeous, does not take away from the main point of the picture. *Impact- Like I said, I thought this was a photo. I got to the page and looked down and when I saw "digital art" I was stunned. Absolutely incredible. ---------- Overall, I love this picture. The only thing that bugged me was the brightness of the fur, but that's just my own opinion. You have great talent, keep up the amazing work.|
This is so good! Please, Do Not Get Offended By My Choice In Critiques But There Are Reasons For It. Vision: 5- i love seeing art like this it reminds me of older back when art was mainly like this. Originality 4.5- like i said it makes me feel happy to see this type of art and its simple and great! Technique 1.5- It Would Look Better If You - Drew Everything- OR - Used Shapes For Everything, The Perfectly Round Head Throughs Me Off XD XD XD Impact 3- i love seeing art like this it reminds me of older back when art was mainly like this. and it inspires me for more art to do!|
Wow, I love your style. The way it looks like a sticker you could stick up on a wall is a really cool idea. The pink used as shading is a really nice touch, and all the colors work well together. The pattern is original looking. The line art color was chosen well, and the textures used are great. Purr-fect expression, it looks both sweet and devious. Like it would want pets, then knock over an expensive vase, and be all "Oh, you still love me " Also, the background shading on the sticker outline adds great depth. Great job.|
This is my first critique, so bare with me x3 I love the lighting of the piece, but I see a couple of problems with the anatomy. First of all, the elbow on her right arm is a bit to close to the wrist, try pulling that back a bit next time. I like to use myself as a reference sometimes, and the fore arms should be about the same length The legs seem a bit long as well, based on what I see of the dress. I have that problem as well, just make those a bit shorter x3 There are a couple of sites where you can look up anatomy of the human body, which I find extremely useful. The expression on her face looks a bit blank to me, try to capture that emotion. Try her looking a bit down, and a softer look in her eyes. In my opinion, the grip she's using on the flower in her left hand looks a bit too firm. Lastly, I noticed that there was a drastic change in the pathway as it got closer to her, a bit too dark.. Unless she's standing on the top or near the top of a hill, that drastic change isn't necessary.|
I personally have an affinity for beautiful long legged women in dark blue socks, so, this one sends me. I'd love to see a 'school girl' or 'sock-cop' set with you. Sock cop? You'd be an armed female policewoman who is grabbed and de-shoed as part of her bondage. You need to shoe your shoes being intentionally removed more often. I say this because it's part of the dominance theme. I think your work here is excellent and would wish more from you in hose and socks. Not a barefoot guy. So, if you can acquire the uniform, I'd like to see you as a female cops in these socks and sensible shoes (at least to start). Thanks|
I've been looking for the perfect poem to critque for an hour now, and finally - here it is! Wanting interpretations, specific questions for critiques, a beautiful poem simply begging to be taken apart... In simpler, shorter words: your poem was great!  First impressions? Firstly, I didn't know the exact definition of your title, so I did a quick Google definition. I expected a poem ringing with the words of Christian youth, but the second time I read through it, I realized that either I found a different perspective, or it was you who strained into a different side of the religious definition.  Favorite part? Least favorite part? The third stanza. I had to read it a couple extra times alone to get your concept at first, and it's just beautifully written. Her whispered words with blind eyes just made me stop and wonder... Least favorite? Honesty hurts the teller somethings, I hate the critism part of being constructive. That would be the last two lines. They're wonderfully written, I love the words, the concepts within, but with the rest of the poem, it sort of confused me. I made me feel lost. Perhaps it's a twist, or maybe I'm missing something.  Is the flow decent? Your understating yourself by asking if it's "decent". No, it's beautiful - it's rhythmic, bouncing words that keep the phrases alive and going. The rhythm kept me reading and wanting to read more when it was over.  Word choice - yay/nay? I'm inbetween. Bits and pieces would catch my eyes, whilst others I flowed right past. Best example though of your word choice would be those last two lines. "Puppetry" and "voodoo" caught me, and the last line as a whole had me by the very words it read.  Originality & Technique? First impression thing here a bit, but Armageddon? How many times do people mention it, overexpress it, lose its meaning (now that I know what it is). But, this is perspective, not a guess at its meaning. It stands out in the terms of its religious definition, and even just as a battle as it's known for, the concepts in it feel so different, causing the reader to actually think through it. And technique. It flows so well, but I still captured the rhyme to it, but it didn't beg for my attention. That's a complicated balance, but you reached it quite well. I truly hope this helps you!! Sometimes I get lost in my own words...|
Ok, first I like the idea and attempt to mix these two characters! It adds to originality and challenges the artist to properly balance the characters. Your lines and colors are fine, though your shading could improve by maybe differentiating the clothes and metallic cannon thing on genesect's back. The anatomy has the general idea, though there are some areas that could use some imrpovemnet. The feet could use more details, and possibly toes. Also, it seems you were at least hiding the hands. I do this sometimes as well if I am not confidence about the hands, but I would work on getting used to drawing them. Also, if you want to draw more magic/power effects like those orbs then I would practice drawing them yourself more detailed. Do not take this in a bad way, as all artwork can be improved on! You did great for trying to mix to characters and I really like the idea.|
I think this was absolutely outstanding. I can tell you but very much time into this poem. I don't know what else to say! Great job! I see that you carefully, steadily, and accurately put your heart into this. Like I said, I thought this was absolutely outstanding. I would love to hear/see more poems from you! My favorite part was, Some say its psychotic To enjoy the feel of pain, But she often thinks, Aren't I already insane? _______________________________ It has a lot of rythem and creativity. I can tell you put a lot of time into this poem.|
I Personally love the moon bunny lore and how you presented it. The lighting is spot on shining through her hair, on her dress and in the water. The bg with the bunnies is involving but not distracting. The sky and the water do look a little unpolished compared to the detail up close. The sky has a bit of a plastered feel where as the water (although great on the ripples) has distinct brush strokes that pulls my attention to that instead of the glittering reflection of the moon. Altogether I think its a solid piece although I gota ask, why did you draw her with her eyes barely open at first?|
|
Ok so the character is apparent here, and you can tell who she is. As for the artwork, the anatomy could use some work. Firstly, the right shoulder is slightly off angle and her arm must be in a rather awkward position. He neck is rather long but some people do draw them that way and it is not bad. Chest and abdomen are slightly off angled along with each other. The side of her face could be lifted slightly or curved more upwards. These are all minor mistakes that are easily fixed but they can really change how a picture comes out. As for the technique and lining technique you used it is fine. Overall you rendition of the character is not bad, just could use some anatomy work. Practice practice practice. Good job!|
I have to say I keep on being impressed how you've matured in your technique since I started watching you. You've gone from simple ties to more complex composition with this shot. I like how you have the sack which looks like professional bondage gear with the street clothes belts that give it a "next-door" feel. Your work has always been a little tongue in cheek with it's cosplay focus but in this case you've presented a very striking situation. I didn't even notice the cat ears at first. The rest of the shot does a good job showing what happened between this and the previous picture, with her dress tossed in one corner and her gloves and stockings on the other side. The viewer can imagine the stripping sequence in their own head, which is sometimes more fun then showing it. I would have liked to have seen Natsuko with a bit more emotion on her face (shock/horror), but with you describing it as her just waking up it works well. The slightly upside-down angle of the shot is a bit distracting at first but it doesn't take long to orientate to it. How it contrasts with the previous shot is nice though. Overall a very nice picture and probably one of the more interesting ones in your gallery at this point. Well done!|
First off. Floating food bubble! That is so cute! This looks like a critter you wouldn't want to disappoint, and yet still looks very sweet. The poofy tail probably has a lot to do with it. The texture is very cool, and adds a lot to the image. It looks like a marble texture to me. The greens and yellows look surprisingly natural with the pink. Is that a badge I see? Clipped on the little guys mane? That makes me think this little guy did something great, and is now thinking "Okay, I saved the day. Where is my treat?" Great job.|
In your cosplay piece I really liked how the pose used gives an immediately identifiable personality to the character. Considering I am not familiar with this character I can definitely see or at least have a reasonable guess as to what kind of a person she would be. Technique wise the setup is simple but provides the fleshy details and the lighting is absolutely perfect. Not too bright, hazy or dark. Also the set makes Lena stand out even more so because she happens to be wearing the brightest colors in the room. It's nice to see the main object of focus isn't over powered. The picture overall has a nice balance. The only thing I would maybe change is the angle of the shot. The way the book case slopes while the shelf on the right is straight and inline with the shot is kind of distracting. Although considering the character appears to be standing straight up It would be reasonable to guess you intended it that way. Overall I really liked your piece it was well thought out and shot very effectively. I am now going to explore your gallery. Have a nice day and I hope my critique was helpful|
I love the shading, and the trees in the background look beautiful. The cat's body structure is very accurate, and that deer just speaks to me in a way I can't describe! The glow around that little collar, necklace, amber, neck pent ant, coin thing really brings this piece together. In fact, I love everything about this piece except for how the eyes in the background look just a little too close together. That's just a personal preference. I really love the detail put into the bark as well! The fur quality is nice, and the characters are just plain cute! Overall, 9.5/10!|
i love this and it looks great, but from a practical standpoint, it would be unstable at lower speeds because the centre of mass is pretty high up in the body of the cycle. A fix for this would be to have an insanely heavy wheel( titanium?) with an extremely light body( Aluminium?). this would be impractical due to the weight of the vehicle itself. Redesign the whole thing, with the driver sitting inside the wheel or lower down(maybe a wheel which bends in and out of circular shape?? idk). I loove it from an artistic standpoint, but it is kinda impractical to make a working model of it. Its awesome Kappa|
Very good work! but if i was making this i would make a small few changes. i would make the mouth a smile. and on the legs i would just a little bit wider. but thats just my style. be free and experiment with things. do what you wish. also those eyes on the person are adorable. And the dress is very unique. i dont usuallly see dresses like that on many characters that people make. this is very nice artwork. and i like that you added it so that other people can imagine it the way the want and the shading patterns could really help people if they want to make it there on way. very good work!|
Vision; nice set up for a story, at least i have some when i see this sketching. Originality; Hardest part in our overwhelming visual society, but that will grow. Maybe stepping out of your comfort zone for a while. Start drawing like it would be from someone elses book.... Gives you insight (my humble experience). Technique; Pwooh, wished i could draw/sketch this good on your age. More different emotional expressions perhaps (face). All well balanced ( no big flaws in hands or something, maybe the feet... dont see them in this page) Impact;If it didnt had any impact I would not write a hundred and eight words Keep-em-commin, Eric|
i've never written a Critique before so i'm gonna try to do it. i STILL THINK that 100 words is insane and ridiculous so i'm not gonna do many of these. HERE GOES! the first thing that comes to mind, or at least MY mind is that your old style of drawing is a lot more cute looking. i'm very very happy you drew this, this is ADORABLE!!!!! but i have ONE question: what's with the TAIL???? i still love this but it's just that the tail colors are kinda an odd choice. was this meant to be? thank you and have a nice day! HarrisonButterGem / Harrison The Kitsune in your Join.Me chats.|
Usually I'm don't like depressing artworks, but this caught my attention and I just felt like saying something about it. I think the artist did well to portray that feeling when you are really down or sad about something. It's like a rain cloud is over your head and it rains all over you. The setting appears to be a dead end at a corner in an alley which is a great choice for the theme of this. The model has done well to look depressed as she is alone with a gloomy expression, and her hair is wet to make it look as if the rain is actually pouring down on her. If the clothes were wet it would have made it look more convincing. This is a great piece with a sadness theme, for there are times when we may feel this way. It may not be at this exact level for some, but we all have days when we are feeling down about something. It's normal, just be sure to get better so you can enjoy those nice joyful days as well.|
Ok, this is my first critique so I hope you find it reasonable. This drawing is good in forms of line shape and colors. The picture is good in general. But, as you have asked for a critique, I will try to help improve. The eyes are slightly off in accordance to the face, along with the mouth. Also, the hair placement is a little bit "high" or at least slightly off centered. Shoulders are close, but that may or may not be what you were going for. As for similarity to the character you did good, as I did recognize her. This piece is not bad, but I would definitlety practice your anatomy. I am not the best either, but I am trying to help. The technique you used for drawing and coloring is fine as well.|
This is very beautiful! Each of the four princesses are equally eye catching. The colors are gorgeous. They have a sort of dimness in them. Not insanely bright, which I love! It's so unique and creative how you put the Queen's eye in the middle. The only thing I'd maybe work on is the background. The background is beautiful, but maybe if the background was darker like nighttime, that would really make the ponies stand out a lot more. Besides that, there is not much more to say about this amazing piece of art. Great job! I love your art!|
This is a pretty cool concept, but it doesn't seem like it's anywhere near aerodynamic enough as the others to get off of the ground, and it is also a bit bulkier than some, but it's, as said, a cool concept. But just a question- and I know this isn't exactly part of the critique in itself, but was it trapped before and did it just break free? I mean, the ring around it's neck and the shackle on it's left paw/claw suggest that. But if so, what's with the grey background? I'm sorry for the critique, but I've gotta fit the 100 word minimum! Anyways, all-in-all, the design is great, except for the background and the over-all bulkiness of the creature.|
you sure know how to add feelings and make alive your characters -- I normally give one large critique, this time I want to make one faster, but still with the same quality. too mcuh pink xD, I like pink, and i know you do too, but i felt this draw was blue and pink, which isnt really bad, I like how he looks, and know he will look fabulous with other chars. too, but alone and multiple times he looks so pink and blue xD. this new guy, sure seems really good, its pretty interesting I like how you made him and how he looks, I know you will have a good work with him. yuor faces are way too good, all of them having different feelings really easy to get what hes thinking. as always, one great draw from you.|
I really love The show My little pony,This is just a great picture.It's awesome Specially like you draw like the show.I love this picture,Even though its a kid show I still like it Whats funny is Pinkie Pie is my favorite Character in the series.Please make more and heres a request,I'll be so happy and you'll make my day if you do this.Requestinkie Pie Hugging FlutterShy...I Especially the shadings.People just draw ponies shading which frustates me..Alright..few more things..Good vision,Pretty Original... Also I love the Face Expression..Its pretty damn funny. So yeah thanks for making this I really love this...Bye! Good Day Sir|
This is a vibrant and strong piece dedicated to Kyoko and the artist really did their best to portray her personality. Kyoko is a cocky, somewhat amoral, and bold character; the expression in her eyes and her smirk really shows her character through. I love the pose of her legs and the movement of the fabric in her dress; the details here are awesome and the painting skill here is top notch; the artist is skilled in using paint and colors to display movement, not just lines. I also love the blues in purples in the shading here, really tying the colors of this piece together and giving an atmosphere. My only critique is that I wish movement dynamism was displayed with the upper body and her hair; the lace is bending, almost of if Kyoko was punching it, or moving it with a powerful force, but her hair and upper body seem to lack the forward momentum. Just needs a little bit more aggression and wildness to really give this image more impact. Overall, this a very strong and awesome piece of work and I really enjoy seeing Kyoko rendered this way!|
My opinion on this is that this character is a really unique character. Although, you have another Jellyfish character I still think this new character of yours is very unique in color. I love the way you thought of the rainbow idea. It reminds me a lot like a hippy to admit. The name makes sense to me. Because well... the flowers on here waist!XD Colors are simple.Some bad things about it is that 1. you didn't finish the information (which is ok) and 2. she really reminds me of your other Jellyfish character just in a different colors. Really good.|
The vision and looks of the art is great. It gives a real cartoony feel to the comic and has it's own look which is different than other artists style. This is honestly a really new concept for a comic and I've never seen anything like it, even outside of pony. It seems like you've created a completely new idea and it's really fitting for the character that you used. The technique you used really fit this particular story/comic and really has an overall impact on the comic giving it the feel that it has. All in all, the impact of the comic is quite a lot considering what it's about.|
What a stunning piece inspired by the "tale as old as time", Disney's Beauty and the Beast! Just looking at this conjures up the haunting prologue that opens the film! I love the way the sunlight plays off the great oak and pine trees, fauna, and the roses, giving it a feeling that dawn is breaking through-it's calm, yet mysterious. I love how you added Belle's faithful friend Phillipe, taking a drink from the babbling brook. And finally, we have our beauty of a funny girl, Belle. Even though she's almost hidden by the shadows, and isn't facing the audience, we can see the emotion on her face, gazing at the shining castle filled with wonder and no doubt a little fear. I love her hair, cloak, and dress blowing in the breeze, and the wrinkles on the fabric-something I wish I could achieve. Overall, this is such a gorgeous piece-it definitely deserves the attention it's being given.|
This painting is amazing. I think that it's a great representation of the love that Ariel and Prince Eric shared in the movie. I loved the clothes that you created for the couple. Ariel's golden dress matches perfectly with her red hair and Eric's royal purple outfit. The shading that you applied to both the outfits is also fantastic. I feel that it adds the realistic touch that really helps this painting to stand out. Finally, the attention that you gave to the surrounding landscape is absolutely phenomenal. The waves look so real, they make me feel as if I'm a bystander at the beach watching Ariel and Eric. I also loved your use of the sun and clouds to make the rocks and forested hills stand out. I think that you have a lot of talent in this and would love to see more paintings!|
Your lighting and shading is pretty good. As this is my first critique, I may not be all that good. The face seems to be not fit for a chibi. Chibis tend to have dot noses or none at all. Judging from the body style, at least I think it's a chibi.. But if it's not, then you need to work on proportion. The eyes seem a little derped. Your lighting and shading and lineart adds really nice detail, like on the hair and the ribbon things. I noticed that the dress does not have shading/lighting, but I llike the ribbons. I know that if you actually work harder, you can do it!|
Okay so, This is just perfect. Possibly your best cats yet Willow. Now I'd say maybe you should of used a different color around as the outline, but this one looks good. The eye's are wonderful and It's pretty hard to see the nose or I may just be blind xD... That's all I really have to say for this piece since it's so amazing. So I'll write you a nice note~ Willow, Keep up the good work. No matter how much you think your art sucks, It'll always be amazing to me. Even if I don't comment every time which I try to.|
I was bowled over by the intricacies of this fractal, So much math! It's gorgeous! I really love this technique. It makes me what to jump right back into Apophysis, as something this wonderful may help break my art funk I've been dealing with for most of the summer. The colors fit amazingly well with, though I am kind of curious as to what could happen if you would take a different gradient that didn't include black. Would all the black parts have the more in depth intricacies like the rest of the fractal? To see what is underneath the black would probably make it more of a wonderful triangled heaven! This is an amazing fractal! Great job, Xyrus!|
Dun dunn. Critique time! I'm going to rate it compared to you and your art style, this is how the stars rank were given. Vision - I'm not sure what DA means by vision, (Artists intention? Artists meaning? Who knows..) but I assume it was 'your intentions.' A realistic dog drawing, you did a lovely portrait. Because this type of art is common and, I gave it a 3 for vision. You may have used a photo reference, which is great! And I think that this is a great way to help someone with a passing, to draw them art. That's very thoughtful as an artist to give your art to those who you think deserve it. Originality - Kinda like intentions. But compared to your usual style of thick line art and colouring style, this one is different from your usual technique. I believe it is more 'reslistic'. This does not mean your stylized art is worse, just drawn in a different way! I think because it is a different style, you get a 4 for originality as it is a great technique you have created. Technique - Again, like above. Your fur anatomy is great, it is flowing and effected by the downward pull of gravity with a few stray parts sticking up, which is accurate for dogs of this breed. The only anatomy mistakes would be in the mouth, a few more teeth should be visible as the gums close in. And a little un-evenness in the nose on the left nostril, but overall great anatomy. 4.5/5! Impact - It really stands out as something new in your gallery, and you have created a good amount of depth with the spots. I would take it further by adding a light source, you have the details worked out, now you need to add shadows, back light, or a highlight if necessary (A colour reflected off of light that hits an object, often very subtle but it creates a lot of depth to the character.) 4 stars out of 5. Overall, a great use of the 'realistic' style, I think it is a great way for you to learn and improve (It was for me!), and you are on the right track to creating new and improved works. Keep it up!|
You spent a long time perfecting this. It won you first place in a contest. It has a hot demon in it. What more can I say? It's plain awesome and you deserved that first place, no question about that and anyone who says otherwise, is just jealous or a troll. Don't let anyone ever tell you that this or your art is bad, it's awesome in it's own, original way! I know I will forever be a fan. Your shading and lighting is so different from most other artists but it works for you, if I tried to copy it I know my stuff would always look crappy. You found your own little space between semi-realism and Anime and I know as time goes by you will only continue making more perfect pieces like this.|
I have always loved this picture. I'm sorry I overlooked the critique part the first million times I looked at it haha but here it is. I adore the phoenix, it looks amazing. The colors blend well together, the shading and lighting is different, but well done nonetheless. The anatomy is surprisingly good, considering you have never drawn a bird before. I mean I know it came from an art book you have, but that doesn't always equal perfect structure, but yours certainly has that quality. The only thing you could have done better is the fire... I know your struggle with drawing fire, but I'm sure if you ever redraw this, it will all look amazing. So 5 stars for the bird, but sadly the background ruins that vote|
I am absolutely stunned by this drawing. I've been watching you for a while and I think this is the best one yet. It deserves so much more love. The anatomy is great, the idea and concept fit so well with the character that you displayed. The colors help Loki stand out from the background (which by the way is fantastic! The reflections look really good! Though some of them are incorrect, one doesn't even really notice at first glance, so well done either way.) but also makes him feel like he belongs there. I simply adore the scales, they look like you took them straight off of a real snake, they look that good. There are some minor inconsistency, but no drawing is perfect right? Especially when there's that much, tiny detail involved. I think if Loki ever decided to be a dragon, this is truly what he would look like. Fifty thumbs up for you, Blacky!|
Giving this thing even half a star is generous, because it's not even art. You used a dollmaker to make her, which is immensely lazy & childish. Using a dollmaker is OK to test new ideas out on but you can't exactly post screen caps from it to an art website and claim you drew it. The character's name is also a ripoff. Isn't Peppermint Pattie a character from Peanuts? If this is meant to be a pony version of her, it honestly looks NOTHING like her. I suggest you learn how to draw. There are plenty of guides out there.|
A lovely piece, with very crisp line work. You have a very good handle one where to apply heavier lines and where to place your hatching. However I would say you were perhaps a little to safe with the hatching though. ( in the pauldrons and shirt, ect) Putting more emphasis on that would drastically improve its impact. I can't help but look at it and think " wow this looks really great, it'd really be 10xs more awesome with some heavier shading/hatching'" I'd say overall though it's a very solid piece, just needs to be pushed a bit further! Awesome work. 8 D|
Who needs an apple phone when you can get a snail phone, the service may be a little slower but the battery will last longer. Great advancements have to start somewhere and I imagine the snail network would have worked in theory, a good way to convey messages but of course the speed may be a problem. This makes me laugh mainly for the visual pun rather than the written punchline, that made me laugh too but the notion of a snail whispering messages to the dinosaurs reminded me of an early chinese whispers. Lovely work my friend, good show.|
In some ways this piece of work looks like it belongs in the 20's. I think this is due in part to how the hair is laying around her. The shoot location asks for a lot, and the model as well as how you captured her, give what is needed. The green is a nice balance of color against the whites in the photo. The little flowers around her add a nice compliment that runs around in this. I think going with little or no makeup works well in general for women, and within this piece was a perfect thought, so as not to offset the idea in natural. Really nice job.|
Hmmm..... I normally do not do critiques because artistic likes and dislikes are way too varied... but since we are related... I know I will be forgiven!!! So as for what could be done better (in my point of view only). 1- a little darker shadow definition on the underside of the seated areas of the creatures and on the fingers of the one to the left where it is holding the mushroom. Also a little more contrast on the blades of grass-seed tops and mushrooms in the foreground especially where they come out of the ground. 2- the background looks a little flat... it might look better if it sweeps away... not up. Otherwise I really like the original feel of this piece.|
Im honored that you mentioned me and my drawings ;u; (even though i fail at fur myself XD) this looks really wonderful though! alright, lets get on with the critique~ (if anything doesnt make sense its because im stupid and a dane, but you know that alredy <3 ) vision: i really like how the effects, the stripes, fade out when it gets up towards the cat's face. really nice colors too! they work perfectly together with all shading and highlighting! originality: its hard to make a pose like that original, but i must say that it still needs the 4 stars it got! so lovely omg ;w; technique: the fur looks wonderful, though, the cheek's hair looks a bit odd because you still made it fit your style (the long cheek hair thing) of drawing, but for a first time and the fact that the character itself wasnt supposed to look realistic -only the fur- then i think you did amazing! the eyes are so awesome too, and as i said in the vision-thingy, i really like the colors you used. they blend welll together but doesnt make the drawing boring. impact: over all, this is a really nice drawing. the fur looks nice, might have needed a bit more shading at some places - but for this being your first time i think its amazing and very well done! the lighting is really nice and soothing for the eye, i like that effect. plus, adding the slightly transparent circles in the background really made a nice impact to the drawing. with that said, i have to rate impact 5 stars, because i love how it looks. thats it for this critique, hope i wasnt too harsh at any moment, because i didnt mean to be ;~; love your artwork and this drawing too! you are so amazing!! ~Golden (your idol, bro, leader, best buddy, omgsomanynames)|
Where do I begin? How about with this sentence? "You thought you won't get caught but you were very wrong." Sorry. That's definitely not a sentence. Both Spain and Estonia are way OOC. Estonia has never proclaimed himself as a "pirate" so I have no idea where that came from. I should explain why these two characters are OOC. Estonia according to the Hetalia Wiki "is mild-mannered, peppy". I'd never think that once for a second he would result to joining Spain as a pirate and "beating" people. If you read even further into the wiki you will see in relationships that neither Spain nor Estonia are listed on each other's sites. Now I have seen other fanfiction with Spain as a pirate. So I will let that be, but I cannot see Estonia being a pirate. As well as in the Hetalia wiki Spain is shown to like kids, or at least like the Italian brothers, since he is also fond of them as adults. In the Pirate!Spain fanfictions I have read Spain is usually the hero. Which makes sense. I just see no reason for him to be antagonist in this story. Considering these issues distracted me so much from the plot that the main character holds no weight to me at all. Overall I believe you should do more research before writing and work on characterization.|
Before I move on to the mistakes you've made, I would like to first point out the things you've done right in this artwork: First, the clouds in the background have really been well shaded for that amount of depth to be created. The light tones also tell the viewer that it's either dusk or very early in the morning. Lastly, it adds sufficient background lighting to bring the subject out of the art and to the viewers' attention. Lastly, the colorful shading and highlights on the girl herself attest to how much experience you have in turning a plain 2-D work into a 3-D masterpiece. The clever use of both types of coloring not only reveals that the light is coming from her right but that the shadows are also forming on her left appropriately. They are even hugging the surface of her hair realistically, taking into account the irregularities on the surface itself. However, the only mistakes I see is the angle of the nose and the mouth as well as that of the chin itself. While everyone have a style they would draw the nose and mouth, these two parts always follow the orientation of the entire face. You've kinda drew the girl's mouth and nose as if she is facing the viewer's directly when they should've been drawn according to whichever direction she's facing (such as moving the nose a bit more to the girl's right for example). I've arrived at this conclusion due to the fact that you've drew the eyes as if she is turning her head toward her right. After all, people tend to associate the eyes' facing angle with the facing of the character's face. Of course I could be wrong and I won't deny that possibility but the chin's facing angle would still be a problem. Normally, when a person turns his or her head even slightly, the chin usually moves closer to the corresponding side of the neck. For example, turning the head toward the left will also move the chin toward the left of the neck and vice versa (Unless the person is tilting his/her head to the side, which your character doesn't seem to be doing). Your character's chin; however, is pointing dead center of the neck instead. Other than correcting these fault, I can say with confidence that your art is worth of being among the very best.|
I love the overall feel for this. The personality is captured beautifully and you can identify their exact feelings from this. The use of lighting also adds a sense of mystery, and you've used it well. The look on Firo's face is hilarious, and clearly shows he is not amused. The pose for Leah is also rather unusual, as is the expression. It definitely shows you have talent, I would easily mistake this for a scene in The Lion King universe, it's so good. Leah's expression is very unusual, and you have done a stunning job a her facial expressions, the head tilt shows how she is confused at what she has seen, perhaps disgusted even? You've shown how you don't need to include a full profile of the cubs to create an impact that shows both hilarity and mystery. I'm afraid I could find no fault in this, The reason I've given the Technique a 4* is that I would love to see this in your own style, even though the Lion King one fits so well, I think it would be even more amazing to see it in your lovely style i've seen in your other work. Fantastic work, keep at it!|
I love the lens flare, and the white sparkles that look like snow in the background. the pose is beautiful and inspirational. the thing that hits me as odd, not really bad, is why you didnt cover the ground with the snow and put some in her hair too? also, considering the violin, she should have a look of despair on her face that or new light. also i feel as if you could shot from a lower angle, but since i didnt try it i dont know the impact (also that would probably be a lot harder to do as the lens flare would be missing, unless you added it in afterwards). great work overall|
Vision: You seem to clearly understand where the story is going and how to move the scenes along to get there. I felt like some of the descriptions were at sometimes overemphasized, but didn't distract the reader away from what was going on. Originality: Very original I can’t say that I can find any leaks in this part. This story feels familiar in scenery but not something I can say I have read before and definitely doesn’t feel cliché. Technique: Many times your descriptions aren’t stated concisely and a list of adjectives are strung together in a way that feels redundant. The dialogue at the end of the chapter is really sharp and conveys the story and how the characters feel in a believable and effective manner. Impact: Aznor’s feelings are put forth in a relatable way. The characters actions and reactions are shown and felt through the tale. I fell like the chapter ended better than it began and by the end of it I really wanted to keep reading.|
This work is very interesting. It has an appeal in its simplicity and brevity that is difficult to find in a longer piece. That stated, its impact is huge. The punctuation is also used to good effect; it could have been used better. The diction aids the piece in every way. If you did have simplicity in mind for this piece, you could not have done it better. The originality could have come through in a different way. I enjoy the message of the work- it's a very good one, and one that we artists and citizens need to hear. This piece does not strike me as being entirely original in form, but in function, it serves its purpose excellently- and it is a fantastic haiku. Very well done, technique-wise. Again, I'd like to stress just how high the vision and impact of this piece is. Although it may seem unassuming, once time is taken to absorb the message, the impact will be lasting. Thank you for sharing your work, and I hope you'll put up with me, new as I am to deviantArt!|
oh yes such technique and originality i love how you did the shading and fur i love taking my dose of happiness i would like to add this to my group the minecon warriors > , < this is very good it is awesome you should be famous for cats what do you think of the Critique i love the background and tail well gotta go bye you should join my group and art everything vision 4 and a half stars originality 5 stars Technique 5 stars impact 3 and a half stars this should be in the book warriors and i gotta go bye XD xD XS|
The words flow beautifully and paint a picture of depression and desperation, leading one to their own conclusion. It does describes the fear clearly without ever clearly stating the details, a subtlety I really appreciate. When read aloud you feel the passion and flow, but when reading it it is a little rough, perhaps capitalization will help it to flow better visually and add a bit of emphasis on the urgency of the situation. I have enjoyed this and hope that I was able to help on some level. Your words are catching, and bring to attention the pain that a victim must overcome. Great job and keep it up.|
This picture is beautiful! very crisp, clear, and you can see the beautiful smile on your model's face. When you look at it, you can't but smile too! The color in the background is clear, and complimentary. It creates a good contrast for the bright shirt and shorts. All attention is drawn to the model's face and her smile, which creates the draw of happiness in the piece. Overall look is appealing, not too overwhelming, and very beautiful. The clear emotion and picture work together to create a beautiful picture of Miss Blue Eyes. Very well done photo! Beautiful and clear|
Despite the little misspell in 'pathetic', the artwork itself is very pretty. It really has the depth, meaning the shadings are done very nicely and detailed. The 'stripe' in the eye glow is a nice touch, especially the way the green color pops out in the picture. Details on the eye are beautifull, and it is very nicely shaded. Fire in the background is nicely done, though it lacks a bit of shading on the ground. There could be put a bit more effort into blood, but the way it's stained in the fur makes it look better and more realistic. I like the way you did the smoke, that brown tone it has.|
This picture is simple, but great. The colors are fantastically bright and go so well with the more plainly colored body of this creature. I've never played World of Warcraft, but when I saw this, I just had to look up this 'sha of fear' on google and I was blown away by how well you portrait it. Yours looks almost as scary as the real one from the game and I have no doubt in my mind that if you spent just five more minutes adding in some smaller details, yours would rock the original right off the stage. That is one problem though, you avoid putting in many details. Some of your drawings are perfect the way they are, but others -like this one- could use just a few more details on the skin to bring out a stronger 3D affect and make them look a little less flat. But that's the only negative thing I have to say, the rest is perfect.|
I got so excited when I saw you enabled critiques for this! I could have commented, but I always find critiques put more weight behind my words. Just. absolutely. stunning. The anatomy is so awesome on this, the girl is gorgeous, the patchwork is well done and you certainly brought across a chillingly real chilling atmosphere. The hair is well done, the background -though plain- looks really nice and I simply love how you managed to make her look creepy and yet cutely helpless. It's a mix I don't see often. The fingers could have used some minor details to indicate the bending of the joints a little more and some minor details to the snow would have made this even more epic, but it's not to a point where I'd say it should affect the rating of this picture by more than half a star. Well done, Blacky, simply well done.|
The brush work is amazing, the imagery is fantastic, and just looking at this beautiful piece of art makes my eyes sparkle with happiness for the gaze and my heart gasp with joy as it senses the feelings of serenity and calming peace. This artist has passion and a great sense of realism and abstract emotion that can combine in a such magnificent demonstration of art. What is a simple idea, a colosseum, can become something more. What exactly? The artist's soul, creativity, an incredible ability to make what they feel become more then just a thought. Excellent art, I love this.|
My favorite is the person leaning on the counter in the upper right hand group. I can see the poses of even the "incomplete" ones. (Whenever I do this exercise, I want to jump up and yell "Hold still a minute longer, that was a great pose!" but of course I'm too embarrassed to.) I think if possible you should try doing these with something thick, like a children's crayon or a double-ended marker (I've heard <a href="www.dickblick.com/products/tom…>Tombow recommended, but haven't had a chance to use them myself.. it's on my to-do list). See if a thick tool doesn't speed up the blocking-in process and calm down larger areas of shading, giving you more time for any detailing with the fine point. One drawback of children's crayons is that they melt in the dryer if you forget to take them out of your pocket. I think these are great exercises and whatever you do keep doing them. Disclaimer: I don't like having to "rate" a deviation because I don't feel qualified, but it wouldn't let me post a critique without rating. Forgive my amateur "rating skills."|
I have nothing bad to say. I love it from top to bottom and left to right... I mean come one boobies, naked woman and she is cold, waiting for a man to come and warm her right back up he he. How much more awesome than that can it get? But I'm also not hard to please... I always did love your style and I love the naked women you draw in general, they are all hot and sexy and very pretty I might add. Not that i care too much about the face but yeah... Here's to a hundred and six words of pervertedness.|
dude. what are you doing? so basically this is not a dark abyss from any standard. i've seen lairs a lot darker than that. and don't tell me that you had to pay nicholas to charge that water down there. 2.5 stars for vision since at least you floated to cast your gravity ball. not a very original idea though. have you seen your journal header? at least your gravity technique's getting better, and it's left quite an impact on me. in other words, go back to work before the sealed towers open and nature's fury quenches its own thirst. i'm not trying to criticize you. i'm just trying to point out some stuff to you as a friend.|
I don't normally do these. I really like the way the characters are positioned just like as someone should do in real life. I really love the background just fits in with the photo. Archer looks like he is scared (As if a slender gets scared anyway). The title fits well as it was really "Not to plan" (Note: Plan for the unplanned always). As all your art does it gives me a impact just how well they are done. Overall I really like it and absolutely cannot wait for future art from you, as I'm a fan of your art.|
Uh, why do you have critiques available on this? You didn't draw this. This is a pony maker, not a piece of art. I suggest you take this off before other people see it or you'll get a lot of negative critiques. Using a pony maker constantly is lazy and criticizing others on how 'poor' their art is when you don't even make art yourself is really stupid. I suggest actually drawing something before being rude towards someone. If you really want to learn how to draw ponies, Google some tutorials, or even just find some old pictures of ponies as a reference. (No, not tracing.) I find this had helped me a lot when it came to drawing them, though I don't do it very often. Also, the character itself isn't very original. Red and white? I suggest adding or changing the colours completely when you do start drawing for yourself, as well as the shape of the mane and tail. You can find tutorials on how to make a good OC too, so I suggest finding some. Now, I hope you will stop all this drama and stop criticizing people and their art when you don't even make art. Please take my suggestions and you'll be okay in that regard.|
You're an amazing artist! The artwork here has an incredible amount of detail, and I admire how you based Ghidorah's heads off of more modern pop culture dragons (with the horns pointed down, the fangs being really long and pointy, etc.), and it's awesome how you captured the texture of his scales. However, Godzilla himself, while incredibly detailed, almost looks like a stock photo that was traced over. His stance looks casual, as he's grabbing the head, without any illusion of motion. Also, what's with Ghidorah's proportion? It looks odd. Overall, really impressive piece! I look forward to seeing Mothra!|
I enjoyed this piece immensely. The border clearly reflected the character's personality, and his person (hair, clothing, etc.) Is very accurate. The yellow from his eye adds a lot of character you dont usually see in other deviations. I do have a suggestion however, on how to improve this piece. The lighter areas of the piece are spot on, the darker coloration of the horns is nonexistent, as any other shading. On a higher note, the curves and points in his hair are pretty much perfect. You really have a gift that moat others can not measure up to, use it to the best of your ability.|
This picture is really beautiful, and it is hard to notice that many mistakes! I love how you drew lots of things! The glittering mane is a nice touch, it brings out the feeling of the piece. I must say, though, I have seen many pictures like this. You even added stars to the mane, wow. Great detail... I love it a lot! The mane seems rather large, but probably that was purposeful. This totally of reminds me of Princess Celestia! The crown took a while to notice, but it looks unique and well done ItstillmakesmethinkofPrincessCelestia ahhhhhh! Those wings look great... but are they black? I wouldn't suggest putting black wings on an almost completely white pony... maybe you shaded a bit too much I absolutely adore how you drew those feathers, i mean, when I look at other people's it looks like just some bumpy thing on the creatures back. This looks way more like wings (no offense to other people, you're learning)! Okay, YOU DID A GREAT JOB MAKING THIS PRINCESS CELESTIA. XD It's really well done this really really REALLY looks like her, in all shapes, forms, etc. Even the hooves have a cool thing on it! It looks really awesome! Overall... great job you I like this one more than the one before! SUPER GREAT JOB!!!!|
Firstly, I am not a huge fan of digital art mostly because of the artificiality of the final product. Despite this, this piece still manages to hold a whole lot of mystery. The piece startled me at first, because of how bittersweet the image is. The color paired with the reflection on the water seems to produce a sad-happy feeling, maybe because of how lonely the image is. On the point of loneliness, the color gives an out of this world feel, like an alien planet, which, as a planet should be, is too far from home. It's very lonely.|
Okay, first of all, I love poetry about space, but is has so much more impact if there is a double meaning. Human nature is already unfathomable, so to pair it with the unreachable depths of space is perfection. I also appreciate that you used a word I had to look up (asterism). I think your vision, here, was lovely. Your tone is excellently conveyed, the concept is fairly original (though comparing people to nature is often done, your use of nebulae and stars takes it up a notch), and your impact is excellent. More on impact: I think you made a good choice to give your last two stanzas end rhyme. It's hard-hitting, like a sonnet's final couplet. I noticed your artist description rhymes with the last two stanzas as well, and while I like that you added that though to the end with your artist's comment, I also agree with your decision not to use it in the poem itself, since I think it would have been too much. My favorite lines/your best word choice: "no nebulae atwist/inside your slender neck" and "you are not blinding/are not fusion/are not distant;" The only line I thought could use some tweaking was "nor do atmospheres/feel pressure/in your veins" simply because it seemed weak to attribute something so broad as an atmosphere any sort of sentience or personification. Also, I didn't quite see how your title fit with the piece, but that may be a flaw on my part, and since I'm critiquing the poem, not the title, then you may take that with a grain of salt. I did like that it fit with the space theme, however. Well done.|
Okay, I don't usually give critiques, but you seemed to really want one, so here you go; I really like it! It is very cute and you interpreted both dogs perfectly, for I can totally see both of them acting that way towards each other! However, I feel the style is too much like Calvin and Hobbes. I like that comic too, but I think if you are going to be doing a comic strip, I would use a completely original style. Both dogs look adorable. I really like how you drew both of them. I understand that you are changing Honey? (that's the name of the right, I think). But what I really want to point out their expressions. Honey's is fine, but I feel Oscar should be looking even more stern and serious about being the Alfa. That's all I've got to say! Overall, this is a very awesome piece representing your two dogs! I can't wait to see what style you decide with!|
Another one of your great works, all I can do is clap for you. I don't even know what to say honestly, but I think your works deserve more critiques so I will try my best to write as many as I can! I love the way you drew the ice and how you integrated it with her clothing, I can't say it's the most original thing to do, since it does appear a lot in games, but making it look this good makes it awesome enough not to care about the originality. The anatomy is great and from what I can see close to perfect. The hair is gorgeous, the lighting and shading is wonderful and I love the jump motion you were able to bring into this by making her cape and hair fly away from her body. The pose is also great, not too dramatic but also not flat and lifeless. Some parts of the body could have used slightly rougher shading though, but otherwise, awesome.|
So I actually have no idea what Vision and Impact are supposed to mean in this case, but I like your usage of textures! I feel that using it on the outlines was a bit unnecessary, as I didn't even notice it until I zoomed it, but using it on the headphones was pretty cool! I've always been jealous of your shading technique, and this work is no exception! 10 points to Gryffindor! I would, however, work on these semi-awkward poses though. It's really just your back hand and it's not even that much of a problem, but I needed more words to hit the word minimum XD Keep it up!!|
You artist was good, but not really great or amazing. If you can try an say that you will, but you can only a bit. Now, not to be rude or anything, but maybe warning first as well. But, that you, not me. But, you art was cool, but please center's first. But, you art was good over all. But you are more than just "o.k". Be an amazing artist, and that you can. Because a true artist, will be better than before. But, over all, you artist was still good. Be proud of it. Be proud of you. Alway's.|
Beutiful art. It's definitely one of my favorites. I love it! Originality is lovers because it is from a cartoon. I still added an extra two stars, because of blossic. Concept is visible. Color is beautiful. I usually use digital art though. If you want to, if you have an iPad you can download the animation creator app for three dollars. There is also a free version. You really should try it! Also, what pen do you use? I'm guessing you use colored pencil. I will watch you! I would appreciate it if you also did! I will post you a drawing of blossic too!|
This picture is really great and AWESOME!!! Very accurate as a paw I love this a lot, especially the shading... I don't really know what to say... this is marvelous... Hard to spot any mistakes! It seems a bit too fluffy, like a bear's paw, but bears paws a thicker, right? Hard to tell which animal this paw is of I would suggest making the middle paw stand out a bit less... maybe just take away the black outline, I'm sure it will help. The picture is easy to see on the drawing, I'm glad. It looks really sketchy, just the way I like it! Keep up the great work buddy!|
i just love every second i pend reading this story! it makes me feel like it is a real episode because i can visualize it in my head so well. My only complaint is that you mentioned in broken curse that simone will die without ice queens crown but yet and still it was never fully explained how breaking the crown saves simone. her body has been around for so many years so she would have died jut like in the episode called betty.But otherwise awesome and i can't wait to finish your story. glob i will be staying up late to read it!|
Fantastic piece. The minimalistic paint design is what really gets me. Cat skulls have always been a favorite of mine. The wooden beads compliment the natural colors of the skull perfectly, and provide a nice change to necklaces that don't string beads along the whole thing. The way you attached the skull to the cord is also very nice. I never would have thought of doing that! It's even better that the skull has a nice story behind it. Overall, the piece is well made, and has a great feel about it. Whoever has this necklace now must be very pleased!|
My initial reaction to this render was "amazing." So many tools in Reality/Luxrender's toolbox being used here. The metals, the water, the fog, the lighting. After going back to look at it a couple times; I am just more and more impressed. IMHO, you have captured a great deal of what Reality and Luxrender are capable of and distilled it all into one image. Not sure if you were swinging for the fences on this one; but you certainly hit a home run. I'm not sure if its my screen or the render; but, there seems to be a couple hot pixels near the feet of the left lion. The lighthing on the budhha stops just short of blowing out the statue and gives the great impression of a beam of light shining down on it. Just a wonderful render all-around.|
oh she is so sexy !! man, she is just so damn sexy and beautiful!. and she is also one sexy wolf girl. ins,t she? and she also got a damn sexy body!! she is one sexy furry wolf female character.she is so hot and cute..and i also hope some of your other characters are hot,very sexy and busty just like Krystal O`re lily.and does she lives in the arctic or no.and the other thing i like from her is her big,large boobs. can you make the same artwork with her breasts getting even more huge and huger.please,i like her lot!|
Critique? On a picture meant to be in an old style? I wouldn't worry too much about that. What give most old toons their 'look' is because they were drawn poorly. But if you want nic picky stuff. Most of this picture look great don't change it. But your legs have too much definition in them. Make them smooth and more hose like. Your feet are too short even for a toon; the mass you have here would be enough for the base of the feet with out toes. And pose the arms and tale out. Silhouette is import even in new drawing and your arm and tail are merging together, space them out more.|
the REALLY look like the real thing! All I would have to say would be to make the rind a little lighter and yeah, try to work on your colors There's a few messed up blotches that you can easily see. I'm also not really sure what the blue things is :/ I think you will also need a better surface since you can't really tell where the watermelons are laying. I really DO like it though! No, I, I LOVE IT! WATERMELONS YEAH! FTW! *noms on watermelon slice* So anyways, just touch it up a bit and it's good Watermelons for the win baybayy!|
I've seen quite a few artworks created of Ryuk, but this one, so far, is quite haunting. It portrays Ryuk's creepiness very well. It really has a great impact and your vision is quite amazing. As far as originality goes, Ryuk is nothing new, and fan art isn't really a new idea, but that just goes along with my beliefs that originality is ultimately dead. However, I did find it to be unique. Your technique is not one that I prefer, however, it goes along with this piece very well. You have great potential and you will keep on improving as time goes on. Just remember to keep up the great work, and I look forward to new pieces from you.|
I love this! But i'm a sucker for Egyptian stuff. The ears look painted flat compared to the rest of the character Thumb need more definitions and anatomy Feet/ankles need anatomy there looking a little weak Back of the hair should be viable through her side breads and check. The metal on her upper arm has a much better shine than her neck and wrist gold. But really....All small details That I had to look for. AN just stuff I won't to reach the 100 character min. The only real problem on this picture you have is same I've notice in most of your work. You go to all this awesome extra effort to to draw a backgrounds; but can't planet/place/set your character(s) on it. The angle you drew the stone work isn't the same angle she's sitting at, and it look slopped as if she could slide off it. Those eye are awesome. I really love this pic.The background looks great, I like the vase thing. The character is super cute and sexy, I like how you drew the hair and style you have the neck connecting to the head. and over all I like the very design of the whole neck and head.|
damnit damnit damnit damnit damnit danmit damnit damnit damnit damnit ... i am retarded after all the time i have realised that this is my p a r a n i o d ... w t f ... wat should i say ... i regarded that the artist had do in it on purpose for the this sake of deviation to prove that he is funny , booty? , awesome to himself and for me , stupid , idiot , frustated , embrassed and i would commit s u i c i d e . Lol . Before i have to end , there must be a reason why he wanted to submit this deviation . You guess and answer it.|
3 things- Void, Shackles, and Love. The detailing is the thing that I marked your down for, but I figure that it is partly camera fault, partly some other factor. I'm curious as to what caused this original design. An emotional situation or a random spout of feeling are two ideas I came up with. Overall, it speaks. The spatial design could be more defined, but that requires a greater amount of work. The greyscale is another fine touch that definitely adds to the deviation. The (Knees?) in the background would be better missing, but having them there shows the crouched-knee-hugging position, where position speaks volumes.|
Having designed my own Mega Swanna, I really enjoy seeing other ideas for one. I really the design but to me it seems more like an evolution rather than a mega. There is a lot going on here and I prefer minimal, but I still like it. I also feel that the two sets of wings are not really needed. I see where you looked at Reshiram for the tail, but I still think that it could be reduced a little so that it is not too distracting. I really like the feather boa and wish I would have put that on mine.|
This is amazing. I live the way you colored it, but the facial structure seems a bit off. Since it's a side/profile view, the mouth should be cut in half (sorta) and the mouth here is a front view of the mouth. I suggest that you should look at more references. Also, the hair. The hair looks like a fluff ball. (no offence) And I see that you are covering up the ears. Don't cover it up, let it show. (LET IT SHOW, LET IT SHOWWWWWW!!) () That's how you get better at drawing the ears. The hair here is a front view of the hair. The shoulders, too. Because it's a side view, only half of the shoulders should show. The neck should be a little bit thinner, but other than those, It's fantastic!|
I think this is a really good picture. Its just right for a children's horror story because its not like an actual photograph and doesn't have anything like blood or guts. The colour is great too, because almost all of the picture is pitch black, you are immediately drawn to the sinister face and bright background. I also liked what you did with the walls, it really looks like it was burnt which kind of what kitchen+horror would look like. Though its not too original since quite a few horror pictures are like this and my first impression is, oh its another one of those. So maybe something a bit more original next time. Overall this is quite a good picture for a children's horror book because it won't scare them too much, enough to have them start crying. Good job.|
Technically this comission has everything it needs to succeed as an artwork. But no more than that. The style is absolutely crystal and is very defined for the viewer. There is no questions left unanswered. But that is also the problem of this piece. This work is not one that possibly even could raise any questions, it is work that gives answers. And so it is left as an "fast-food" of arts. The sort of quick peek. Not something that really draws you in. So i would say that what you could do is try some more wilder perspectives or compositions, add background. And most importantly, add action, viewer needs to have that action to keep interest. I must admit that myself, i keep struggling with that exact same problem, and i must say that giving questions is certainly harder than giving answers.|
I like your coloring, I really do. And I like how the fleshy arm seems to be a bit more shiny than her skin. Gross. The blood on the claws could do with more shine. It's give the appearance of painted design rather than fresh blood. Anatomy need work (But who's doesn't): -The Horns don't seem to match up to the head. I think we should see some of the connection from this angle. Or if there connected at the back, they should be angled back more. I impressed with all the reflection on the horns. -Shoulder, neck, upper chest, could be drawn better. Shoulders a little more spaced, neck a little more visible, and contention to boobs a little more draw out. -Hips/Waist seems to be a little more twisted and shift over than they shoulder be, but no big deal. -Tights, and calfs and heel need more definitions? Or is that just style? Looks fine but it noticeable simpler than how you drew the arms, elbows, and knees. But it still good Bigger nostrils so we can see the ring precising her nose more? That's just me maybe? The gold is draw and colored fine, but next time give it alot of reflection like you did with the horns to really sell 'metal' Color is good, faded background is good. Strong use of warm color to make it evil, that red sun is creepy, posing is good, character is unique, pose is dynamic, Soft shading give a round feel and make me jealous, staging is great. Over all I really like this|
This is a real beautiful shot, man. I love black and white stuff because the contrast is amazing. The only thing I will say is that the photo is too beautiful not to take it with a Full HD camera. If it were taken with a full hd cam it would definately be the wall of mi room hahahah . I don't know what else I can write so i guess I'm going to congrat you for your amazing work! Love your stuff! <3 Don't forget to check my profile. I hope you like my art. Much much much love haha!|
Lovely concept you've sketched here , its always nice to see your original sketch lines on the completed piece - shows how you've structured your work out. Clever use of transparency on the cape also. Use of a minimal color palette actually works really well with this piece - Have you thought of making more of these style sketches in an illustration series? Or even a comic strip with different characters? You know your anatomy structure and facial expressions which is always a good skill for any artist doing character concept work. Overall a nice piece , keep making more - I will be watching!|
I love this art, beautiful wings, and very nice colouring, you can see how much effort you put in it, her mane looks fab and pose. You could put some shading in it. Also the eyes are nice, the way you drew them makes fluttershy look even nicer, i dono what else i haveto put in this critique because i wanted to include just this, i dont see anything bad in the drawing so keep posting more i hope you will like this and no one will diss it :3 P.S Love the hooves you made for her ;D|
This characters design is fairly well done, though I have seen better. I have also seen similar designs and names. Technique is a low because you used pony creator, and I don't know what impact is. Overall, 2.5/5. If the artist was to draw some original content of this character, I would review it. Thankfully, the wither chose to opt out of using an allicorn oc. I could go on about how I despise allicorn Ocs, but it would be nothing you haven't heard of before. Good idea, poor execution. This was my frost review! Thanks a bunch peeps!|
Overall, this piece is beautifully done with the colors and the brushing. On the Positive Side: The color mixture really gives her a gentle and fragile look to her. The bow and the eyes really stand out. You also did a very good job with the light streaks on her hair and eyes, which shows where exactly the light is coming from. It's a bit difficult to do, especially with hair as curly as hers because the light can bend in so many directions. The light blush of her cheeks adds to the gentleness and even hints a bit of shyness as well. On the Negative Side: As a viewer, I cannot really tell what is going on with her lips and I find myself questioning if she's puckering or biting. The direction of her irises make her appear a bit spaced-out. I don't know if that was your aim because they are pointing outward. Aside from that, the rest is well done!|
This is as much about the game as it is about the romance between the two ladies. Shepard must continuously endure the hardships and sacrifice that come with her being in command. As best as she does to internalize it, she has reached the point where she can no longer hide it and breaks down. Traynor, Shepard's lover, comes in to check on Shepard, sees her in her current state, and simply embraces her, speaking no words. Shepard showing her vulnerability to Traynor shows the amount of trust she has given her. Traynor staying and cradling Shepard shows how much she loves her by being there for her, even at worst. As great as Shepard is, there is simply no way she can accomplish anything on her own. It is only through the help of her crew and friends, along with the love of her lover, that she can hope to endure and accomplish her mission. This is a very poignant piece illustrating the vulnerability of Shepard and the amount of love Traynor has for her by staying with her.|
hehe sorry for the all five stars but you really deserve it and i couldn't push myself to rate anything lower. i've found nothing but truth in what you wrote and i'm happy for you and your girlfriend too. i have no idea what else to say for this, most critique's say how to improve but the only way i could would be to tell you how your wrong or looking at it wrong or how i don't do those things, but i'd be lying, as would anyone else. [11 more words, surprised i didnt meet the minimum... oh well]|
This is quite an amazing photo. I love how the person is just hiding in the shadows, like my silly cat, Goosa does! I give this a 100 out of 10! Brilliant photography and setting on witch you wanted this to be based on. Good job, this is really quite amazing and just, mind blowing if I may say! Keep up the good photography and other stuff you do on your dA account. You also inspire me a little. My fave thing about this is the colors. Well, good job on this. Keep up the awesome work. From your fan, RainbowDashieRainbow.|
About your problem, Be still and keep fighting.. Hope everything's gonna be alright soon.. :') At first I think it's male, so it's female.. XDD Critique? Umh.. Maybe just, the blood color is to bright.. And the doodle is.. feel weird? Ahaha, maybe, jut me who think about it.. XDD I think, without doodle is better (wait, it's doodle right? Hope you know what I mean.. :'D) Anything else? It's creepy ><" Anything else else? Your art, even though it's creepy, it's your style, and I always love your art style so much~ \ Wait, what impact mean? I can't rate it properly 'cause I don't understand.. Sorry.. ><"|
I love all of the curves on her, her shape is amazing. The shading looks amazing, but the only part that looks abit funny to me is how one cheek is bigger than the other, but it doesn't ruin it. She looks cute with a side of attitude. I like the blonde hair, prefer ginger (cuz i am one). I also like the detail of the nipple, it make the breast sort of, POP out. Her clothing loooks good on her, its a side of bikini with a godesess armor. Very well done i like it very much and hope to see more.|
Now, we can all admit that space shuttles aren't that original. Although, your design does have unique elements. Your technique (as always) is spectacular. Everything from the background planet to the details on the shuttle itself. Another positive is that the design is realistic, especially considering China's goal to mine the moon. I wouldn't be surprised to see something similar to this appear in orbit over the next decade or so. However, it could be more realistic by including thrusters allowing the shuttle to manoeuvre in space (but that's just nitpicking). Overall, The design is amazing and I do get a retro feel from this art. I'm putting it in my favourites!|
To start off I suck at writing critics Anyways let's get on~ This is beautiful! The paw looks realistic to me and the claws are fabulous The paw pads are amazing The fur just blew me away (in a good way xD) lots of detail in it also! When most people draw realistic paws most drawings don't have the fore claw and I like how you remembered to add a fore claw The structure is wonderful! I can't really say much more because I don't know what type of animal paw it is... Keep up the good work and don't be afraid to try something new! Note: I don't really have a clear visual what impact is so excuse me if I rated wrong|
Vision: I can see things quite clear, although I feel like the clouds should have been a bit more blurred. The shading view is great and the character design is very beautiful. I feel like the only improving here is the blurring of the clouds. Originality: I've seen this before, but you drew it completely differently. You didn't draw your character falling off a cliff or flying and I like it. I personally think that you should have used a couple more shades of blue on the sky instead of just a couple. Technique: It's a truly beautiful piece, I really like it. But I think you should have shaded in some of the back parts like the back legs, and maybe toned down the shading a bit, mostly the light shading. But I'm not saying completely, just tone it a bit down. --- Well, I've givin' it my all! I hope it helps <333|
Nice image, I would have probably cropped to portyrait rather than landscape. What a ppears to be a blurring due to depth of field to the top left of the image shows a sudden line of blur, almost like a curtain, rather than a natural progression. This may be due to photoshopping in the blur of course to disguise something in the background. Cropping the image differently would have avoided this. The pose is sweet and natural. The colours of the clothing and skin contrasting nicely with the greens. However the pose indicates a slight tilt of the camera, so it looks like the model is about to fall forward and is not relaxed. A little rotation, even one degree to the right, perhaps two, may have helped.|
Constructive Criticism? On Deviant Art? Now you are just asking for too much! Nah, I'm just joking, anyway. I do like the design of the clothes but I can't tell what's happening with the Obsolete's face. I'm guessing he is wearing a mask with goggles? Or he is a robot that has a double chin? I don't get it. But overall I do like the art and how you use pencil (I really do like pencil art more than digital), though it would have been cooler if the sketch was much more cleaner to look at, and yes I know this is just a sketch, but still. So yeah, I hope this critique had help you out.|
This art is a great example of a unique idea involving a theme from two seperate series. Applying the theme to a situation with a plot twist such as this age swap truly brings a sense of excitement to an amazing meeting of characters of two seperate worlds. The design on the pic was really well made and the insertion of the humor in thrme 3rd and the 5th panels were really attention grabbing and very inspiring. The background on the 2nd panel is great and the scene fit the story well. Overall it is a great display of art and it is also an example of getting better every day.|
Wow this amazes me so much, you did a wonderful job on it. I am very impressed with the shading, the outlines, background, and the eyes. This is very pretty, I especially love he rose border. I am so speechless by this, I can't even do this, the shading really brings out the reality of it, the lighting everything. Your art is amazing (haven't looked through the gallery yet), I don't even know what to say, all I can say is wow, I am impressed by this, keep up the good work and everything you do, I love the bow on her neck it looks great.|
It's kind of hard to rate this as original given the nature of the image. The bust size I find hilarious considering that braum has the biggest chest, man or woman, in the game. I feel like it's lacking in several key aspects... the shield being the largest factor... the shield is the cornerstone of his lore... and it seems wrong to see him/her without it. I understand this was a head shot, but it still feels empty without the shield. Outside of the slip of armour there is little to identify the character as Braum. The tattoos, The shield, (obvious issue with moustache) all of these added to make him unique, all missing. The drawing and shading was phenominal though, keep up the good work!|
i like the art all up, maybe you could work on a few things though. try and make the folds in the clothes more realistic by adding shadows under/above them, if you know what i mean. It's not very original (the pose and the moon thing xD) you did a great job at intimidating the style used in MSN! you should work on the way you shade and highlight, the art is great but it's the colouring that needs work. I personally don't think this should be marked as mature content as it is quite suitable (but the dress is a bit short and there is cleavage showing so I guess it could be marked are mature) i liked how you did the moon and.... stars? (i assume they are photo shopped in, but it still looks great anyway) The water (i assume) could use a bit more... realism. Overall, the artwork is fairly good, keep it up!|
I love the Final Fantasy series and this picture reminds me of so much. My childhood and my love of fan art. I love the detail! It feels so real! And I love the fact the mage is simply so adorable! I would love to see your future art works! Especially if it's one like this, beautiful and cute art! I love the color schemes, the background itself and the colors, are so calming. It gives it's sense of feel to it. You know? This would be like...a fall day in a forest. Keep up the hard work and love what you do! I suggest you do more fan art with the style you used to make this! I love it!|
There are rivalries that I like to call, "Rivalries that Live Forever", Godzilla VS. King Ghidorah is at the top of Kaiju rivalries. Bar none. In a world where the 2014 version of Toho's titan sent shock-waves through the fan base, it has also secured a perfect design and image: exactly like this very drawing. Two monoliths that are the measuring sticks of both good and evil in "Monster-Dom" Godzilla and King Ghidorah absolutely detest the existence of the other. No good story can exist without a good villain, and against Godzilla's throne as "King" there is no better "Tyrant" than King Ghidorah. A flawless impact across the board.|
Nice pose, the outfit shows your good looks very nicely. You have nice legs and figure, great skin and good expression. The way that your hair drops over your shoulder is a nice touch. I would have not cut off your toes or your arm at the top of the image. The only other thing that I would suggest: The shadow around your figure shows the use of either flash or harsh lighting from one side for the photo. I would suggest probably a harsh light to one side. If you need to use lighting like that you may try bouncing, or reflecting, the light off a wall or other surface to diffuse it. It will be necessary to use a slower shutter speed, or wider aperture to compensate, of course. That would deal with any harsh shadows.|
This picture is bootyful. The eyes are so bootyful. The stick legs add impact. The hair was well done and looks so amazing. I love the texture and shading. The mood of this picture is very sexy and bootyful and I think the whole thing is great. Do you do commissions? I would love one of these but as a stick legged cat This is so good I wanna cry Setting this as my wallpaper, homie. The only thing I would change about it is nothing, and its at its maximum level of bootyness. Keep on draw stick people! I will note you about a possible commission too|
Amazing, i like the pinkish theme you have done for this drawing. The poses are amazing and i like the way you did the hair. The background gives off a " spidery " look, perfect for Vriska. I like how most of the attention draws onto her face, and the expression matches the character accurately. The shoes are very simple but a little bit more detail on them , like the other colors of the shoes would be awesome. The shoulders are a little bit too small but it doesn't really matter. A bit of shading would be great too but if that's your style, its fine.|
Yay, my first critique <3 First off, great job on the cleanliness of the pixels! I like how the bounce isn't a shortcut bounce motion; you actually made sure the character stayed in one piece, and not lose part of its leg. Your style flows nicely with this character, knowing it's a Sushi Dog originated by a different artist. The bounce motion is also very smooth c: Your skill here stands out. Something I think you could possibly add is maybe a little motion to the tail, since it it large in comparison to the size of the character. c: Well done!!|
The barn owl (Tyto alba) is the most widely distributed species of owl, and one of the most widespread of all birds. It is also referred to as the common barn owl, to distinguish it from other species in the barn owl family Tytonidae. These form one of two main lineages of living owls, the other being the typical owls (Strigidae). T. alba is found almost everywhere in the world except polar and desert regions, Asia north of the Alpide belt, most of Indonesia and some Pacific islands.[2] There is considerable variation between the sizes and colouring of the approximately 28 subspecies but most are between 33 and 39 cm (13 and 15 in) in length with wingspans ranging from 80 to 95 cm (31 to 37 in). The back is some shade of grey or brown, the underparts vary from white to brown, sometimes with some dark speckling. The face is characteristically heart-shaped and is white in most species. This owl does not hoot, but utters an eerie, drawn-out shriek. The barn owl is known by many common names which mostly refer to its pale colouring or silent flight. It is nocturnal over most of its range but in Britain and some Pacific islands, it also hunts by day. Barn owls specialise in hunting animals on the ground and nearly all of their food consists of small mammals which they locate by sound. Breeding takes place at varying times of year according to locality with a clutch averaging about four eggs, but occasionally more than double this number, laid in a nest in a hollow tree, old building or fissure in a cliff. When numbers of small prey are readily available, barn owl populations can expand rapidly, and globally the bird is considered to be of least conservation concern. However, some subspecies with restricted ranges are more threatened.|
I personalty don't like the white border around the creature. To me it looks like a sticker, though I understand if this is your style. I find it rather hard to see what kind of creature it is. It looks rather like a cross between a cat and a wolf. Now that the negative crit is out of the way it's time for the positive crit! The idea is rather funny if you think about it! A high and mighty cat wants food. My cat does that all the time! The colors are rather grey and dark, though I like it! The slight clashing of the colors adds just the pop the picture needs!|
The one and only thing thing I don't like about the cat is it takes a few seconds to figure out what animal it is. But other then that I love the art! I love the artwork! The pose is realistic enough yet fanicy-like enough. The way you have drawn it makes the animal look fluffy, yet not too fluffy. The cock of the head gives it the personality (and cockiness) of a cat. The colors are just stunning, and the wink gives it that last final WOW. Good job, and keep up the good artwork! I'm hoping to see more from you. ~Sapphires-graphics|
This...is...THE CUTEST THING EVER! The noses touching is really cute! But Eclipse looks like a grey and pink Umbreon and Naiya looks like a shiny Eevee with a scarf, hair, a different tail, wings (or what the thing on the back are), different ears and without the fluff. But I like it though. The blush looks like a blush in a cartoon and the background is beautiful! I read the description and when I found out this was a drawing, I was amazed! This is beautiful and romantic. Keep up the good work and I'm gonna start watching you! So Cute!|
right, well. Since I have no Knowledge of 3d modelling or rendering in the slightest I shall go with what I see in terms of what I can rate this on: Vision (clarity of image/how well I can make out what is on screen), Originality(VERY touchy topic since there is so little that is left that no one else has done before), Technique(style of art/design used(This is a bit were my Knowledge is limited) and Impact(How much of an impression it left me and the more positive the Impact the better). anyway onto the Image. In terms of vision I would say its VERY clear, Crystal even, I'll get into that more when I look at technique. In terms of Originality ... I kinda have to be generous for reasons as stated above, However, this IS an Original work but from what I can see it's rather typical in that there are a bunch of these kinds of images around, Maybe not with this angle but still it's not shamelessly ripping off of another idea or work of art so all in all its good. In terms of Technique I have to say that everything seems to be beautifully executed and it seems almost realistic. the only bit that I can see that bothers me which small enough to just be considered a nitpick would be the collarbone looks a bit wooden in that it looks like two bricks popping out of her collar, a bit smoothing out would fix this issue albeit only a tiny one, I also find the doll face a nice touch. In terms of Impact, I think I can describe it in one word: Pop. with the model and the table in the foreground while the rest of the (restaurant?) in the background is fuzzier give this image a pseudo-3D effect(this point could be listed under technique so I guess I can rate it on both) this image left me intrigued to say the absolute least and I hope to see more like it (maybe a comic in the future with speech bubbles?) in the future.|
Wow! I mean wow is all I can say! The art is wonderful! The two girls look amazing! I do have a few things to say about the hair and snow though. The first girl's curry hair looks more painted then the other one. Perhaps if you re-draw the lightest layer in a smaller brush it will look better. You might also lower the opacity of the layer if you don't want to re-draw it. Next for the snow I can see lines in it. You might take the smudge brush and smudge the lines so that they are softer. Other then that everything looks great, from the sky to the breath coming out of the girls noses!|
Thankfully, johnny cage got up on the wrong side of the bed and realize his shades were missing. Some girl or demon stole it, or perhaps he stole someone's scythe to use it as a mirror though he couldn't see his reflection. With or without the shades, johnny cage is always cool no matter what they say. Ezmeralda, she's as pissed as hell wearing his shades like that. I find her appealing in her approach. She'll say, "hey mister, that's my scythe you're holding." And johnny will be that, "my sunglasses! Young lady, do you realize does this cost?" Amazingly beautiful. Well done.|
Rin and Len are my favorite Vocaloids. I would like to point out one thing... Rin has no nose... Her hand is really messed up but I can understand why. I suck at drawing hands too. But yours are somewhat better than mine. I'm glad you left it in black and white. I think that if you had used color, it would just kill the picture. (Not in the good way either). I will thank you for adding the 02 on Rin's arm...THE CORRECT ARM! Overall, this is a good picture so I will add it to my favorites ASAP!|
how in the world do you make a guy who looks so mean look so GOOD???? ask fragsey!!! I love the way the background does not over power the foreground! and if you look carefully, one can pin point the beautiful and glittering speckles of gold that fragsey has splattered across this character's top most half. outstanding. his care and attention to every little tiny detail only shout out his love for animation and the world of characters it showers upon us!! do I want to meet this guy in a dark alley?? NO! do I want to WATCH fragsey and his art? YES!!!!|
Your artist comment leads me to believe that this is just your second (or at the very least still a very early) attempt at watercolors. If that's the case, then I am incredibly impressed. Those watercolors look amazing. Their shape is spectacular, the way some seeds are lighter than others to imply its deeper in the watermelon is such a cool detail, and the shading (especially on the one closest to the viewer) is very believable. That being said, the cast shadow of some of the watermelons appear to be incomplete. Underneath a few of them is a black area, which seems too dark to be a cast shadow; however, making a cast shadow on a dark surface would be incredibly tricky. I would recommend placing your still lifes on a lighter surface, as least for practice reasons. The watermelon closest to us doesn't have a cast shadow at all, even though it appears the light source is coming in from somewhere behind it. Also related to lightsource, the green grapes have a highlight on their upper left (which makes sense with the watermelons) but a shadow on the same side. I'm sure we could find counter examples if we looked, but usually the core shadow and the highlight are on the opposite side. As for the blue cloth, its actually not that bad. The color is a bit too vivid and it distracts us a bit too much from the watermelon, but if you tone the color down, as well as make the shadow it is casting on itself lighter, I think it would work well. You obviously put a lot of effort into this, and it shows. Its amazing that you've only recently started with water colors, and I think your only major weakness is your cast shadows. Another small detail I really admire is the green tint in the surface below the watermelon which creates contrast, don't be afraid to use similar techniques and colors in your negative space. Thank you for sharing your artwork, and I hope this helps. Happy Arting!|
Whoa. I think you did something really special here! You did an amazing job of capturing the feel, the mood, the atmosphere of this scene, this moment -- through her lovely, content expression, through the colors, through the movement the animation adds to the scene. I think this is gorgeous! I love the colors you chose. They're a bit cool and muted overall, but those soft, warmer tones add a great sense of energy and atmosphere. I don't live in an area where I've ever experience bush fires or forest fires or anything like that. If I just read something about that in passing, I'd probably start imaging uncontrolled, dangerous, destructive flames blazing through and devouring everything in its way. And that would be portrayed with really bold, bright, harsh oranges and reds that would overwhelm my senses like that scenario would overwhelm everything. But what you're talking about, what you're communicating here is something very different. The brush fires you're talking about are a more...relaxing, beautiful thing. Which can be at odds with the energy of a fire...but I think you captured that feel that you experience when the fires are going on really well. The animation, the soft warm tones in the sky, the smoke billowing in the background -- they communicate the energy of the fire, but in a more...calm isn't the right word, but in a way that's more about how it's an experience that is special to you, that you stop and take in and smile about. It's not something raging and violent, it's something relaxing, even if it's sourced from something with a lot of energy. I'm struggling to explain what I mean, but in short, I love how you found that balance of showing the high energy of the fires and the calm, relaxed atmosphere it creates for you. And again, about the atmosphere...There are sensations, be they smells, or feels that you remember that really stick with you, that you feel at ease and comfortable with when you experience them again. Autumn is that time for me, those days where it's cool and a bit windy, but the sun is bright, but not too bright, and it brings me back to a peaceful, happy place I remember from when I was little. It's hard to explain that feeling, but it's powerful when I think back on it. All that to say, I think you did an amazing job of communicating that special feeling you have through this art. The peaceful, special mood is so strong that even though I've never experienced this particular experience...I can almost feel it and imagine it for myself. So I am so blown away by this because of that. The girl is gorgeous! I love how happy and peaceful she looks, just standing there and taking it all in, letting the wind blow her hair around and lifting her face into environment around here, just soaking it in. The smile on her lips looks so happy and content. And the coloring on her face, on her skin is great -- I love how you build up and flesh out her cheeks her eyes -- everything. She seems so lifelike, so real, and still the colors of the light and shadows on her face reflect some of the visual drama of the scene around her. And her hair is gorgeous, too. Again, love the colors -- I love that organic, lifelike, watercolor feel it has to it. And I really enjoy the animation in her hair -- having her hair flutter about like that really adds soooo much life to the scene. I like how it billows about softly and at the same time frenetically. I love that contrast of how strong the wind is and also how peaceful it makes the scene. On the subject of the animation...I like that the big things, like the light and smoke in the background, her hair and the collar of her shirt all move, but also how the little things, like some of the outlines, some of the shadows on her face and on her shirt, move just a bit, too. It adds a subtle bit of extra energy, a bit of spontaneity to things that makes everything feel so much more alive. I've gushed over this a lot, but if there's on thing I'd nitpick about is the shadows on the left side of her shirt (her right.) I feel like the darkest tones are a bit too dark, and get a little muddled. But apart from that...I'm really in awe of this. It's soooooooo gooooood. @___@ Amazing job.|
I'd like to see a bit more of a reveal. Show your hair, nails, lips and lots of "almost there" shots. The premiss of the video is a an erotic fantasy for sure, but I'd pull it back a little and be a bit more apprehensive in you approach to bearing it all. Perhaps as if you did not want to get caught enjoying yourself? As if you felt it was wrong or naughty to be able to find yourself so turned on by the exploration of your own body and all it has to offer YOU! You're gorgeous and you should use ever aspect of that to your advantage. With very little tweaking this video can be five stars across the board. I hope my critique is taken as helpful, as I assure you that is it's only intended purpose.|
Love the look and feel and when you combine that with the title it really tells a story and that is exactly what photography should do, the only criticism I have is that one tree in the foreground on the right that is a bit out of place and distracting from the main image but then you do not get any choice on these things. When you take that tree away the rest form really nice leading lines into the image and I find I am looking and waiting for something to happen. Well done on the film processing, beautifully sharp and the contrast is perfect I would have love to be able to view it in a higher resolution as I have a 4K monitor but it still looked fine when stretched. I fine example of 35mm photography.|
Capturing the movement and the still at the same time is always difficult, but you have mastered it in this print. I wouldn't say he is apprehensive, but he certainly is keeping going. congratulations capturing the sweet wide eyed face. Nothing else in the picture takes away from his eyes. I love the black and white of all of your pictures. While in College, they taught how Color can detract from the real Graphics of the picture, and as I see in your other pictures you have highlighted the Graphic quality of each, making them especially filled with impact and statement.|
Wow, is my first impression of this image. I stared at it for a while to absorb every detail. It upgraded like over a hundred percent once you colored it!! His clothing looks absolutely perfect (I'm jealous)!! His face looks a little realistic and he looks slightly older, but it's not bad. I think the background should have been less blurry. It doesn't fit exactly with Toshiro since he has very crisp details. He stands out in comparison to the background. Oh, and I like how you made the aura around his zanpakutou. It looks pretty cool. You did an absolutely amazing job!!|
This is amazing! I really like how you colored her. The shading was done very well. I like how you made the sky. It looks as if she is holding a star. The way you drew the rippling water looks real! You did a very good job drawing and coloring. It looks like you worked very hard on this. Your drawing is very unique. I haven' t seen any Hatsune Miku picture similar to this one. It is very well drawn, like all of your artwork. It is very pretty to look at. I would defiantly buy this if it is sold as a print.|
This is very well done and looks amazing! I love how the way you did the fur and it really looks nice. I also love the shading you've done and the eyes just look brilliant! I have to make this at least 100 words but I'm running out of way to decribe how amazing this looks! So do forgive me for that. Even though you said this is your first time doing something like this I have to say you did an amazing job! I can't wait to see more like it! Keep up the good work jadepaw13 I absolutely love your work.|
I find this love rather genuine. It's shape and the format you have done it in is incredible, and the color is of the gods of color (and tacos). If I could draw something like this, I would pee myself because it would asend into the cloud of majesty, where it and your drawing would lounge about and drink koolaid with several other great world of art. I.e.- the Mona Lisa, Van Gouge's starry night, and more important works that I am too tired to name right now. The drawings and works of art would have a great time together. Your drawing is amazing. Keep up the good work. ****** if I spell anything wrong, it's cause I just woke up ._.|
I've never written one of these before, but I shall try! I'll just describe each rating methinks. So, I think you knew exactly what you wanted to write. Vision is kind of a weird word to use, but that's what I rated it for. The poem is focussed and tight. I rated your originality as mediocre, for the simple reason that it's nothing mind-blowingly new or innovative. I took the poem to be about a longing for the past - nothing too original. But I really think you could disregard this one, as originality does not matter nearly as much as the other categories, in my opinion. So, your technique was masterful. The word choice is varied and descriptive without being obnoxious, and there are one million little details woven into every line. A lot of the free verse I see is rather bland and usually not even all that poetic - your poem was the exact opposite. It's free verse done right. As with all good poetry, your craft is the focus, not your message. It's just wonderful. Impact is also kind of a tricky category, but I rated you highly because I did feel kind of melancholy and reflective as I read it. You elicited emotions successfully, and so I feel you very much succeeded in this regard. The poem made me want to click on it, and then it made me want to read it over again, and then it made me want to critique it - clearly there's something special in there! I must profess I re-read it just before writing this critique and a bunch of new things hit me - like puzzle pieces falling into place. Brilliant!|
I'm sure it's very hard to create fusions, I like the colour scheme and the parts you added from a pikachu are all in the correct places. one thing to say is maybe make it look happy, it looks like its watching like the old my little pony shows (boring and awful shows very awful indeed) make it look happy! also the pikachu cheeks are in a kind of awkward place, id put them below the eye if i where you. the colour blending is very nice though, it does look like it could legitimately be fused to make it. word for the future little too much black hehe.|
What to say about this? Well the colors are nice, The added hair is a cool choice, Marine looks spot on to her game appearances. I like how you made Marine older too Cus doing this as her current age would cause some controversy The color choice is really suiting on her(Like her green shirt she normally wears) All in all this picture is really detailed and colorful also very creative, Not many people do artwork of Marine as far as i've seen and this is pretty good anyway Keep up the good work and good luck with future pictures|
Eeee! I love this! This is beautiful. I love the pose, the style, the colors... <3 It all works so well together. You're great at poses and anatomy, I swear~ That ear is too cute, and the eyes are just beautiful. I hope to become as good as you are with hand-drawn things once I manage to get a tablet. It's an amazing piece. I can't get over how adorable it is! You captured my ponysona perfectly. I hope to see more from you in the future~ <3 Thank you so much, hun! It really is amazing and so adorable!|
First off; Your background is very cute. Simple and adorable, perfect for this picture. The coloring is very nice as well, it made Applejack look like she is suppose too; with the correct colors. Maybe a little shading would have made a bigger impact, but, it is just a suggestion. Also, I think the ears could have been a tad more pointier, and/or less wide. Other than that, I have no other suggestions! Your drawing technique is wonderful and adorable, I love how you mixed your version off Apple with the shows'. This overall was a cute, simple drawing. Nice work!|
Sweet mother of Mothra this is amazing! I'm not even sure where to begin with this! The colors are so bold, and really match the tone of the film. They also blend well with each other and the background. Also, the details in this image is incredible! Not only can you see every scale, muscle, and expression on Godzilla and Ghidorah, but also the scenario. Your sucked right into the action, and you can feel the raw power on display here. All in all, this is simply a masterpiece and you really need to be a concept artist. I can't wait to see more Godzilla artwork from you!|
I really like what you did there really nice sturctures and the bodys are really original. Looks like someone have a really creative mind and you let us see in his head, I think this would look mindblowing and animated. I gave 4,5 Stars for technique because the lines are not crlear in some places, but I think in a doodle that could't be diffrent. I also think it was a good idea not to fill the complete paper with graphics and ist very good that you left somthing white in the left side. You did a really good job.|
Okay,its my first critique ever so I'm going to start.This is a perfect portrait and very beautifull and full of warm story.Like full of love and story and it looks like she is going to start talking to me.Its realy perfect.The originality is ORIGINAL,the tehnoque is PERFECT,the vision is really nice and the portrait is just simply....soo....beautifull and...just....CADENCE Its stuck with the personality of the character and it looks like she is going to say:"I had so much fun".Just its stucks with the personality and originality of the character and its deserves alll stars.The shading is also perfect!PERFECT|
I see nothing wrong here Your work is epic. I can see the irony here too. Don't wolves eat deers? But it seems like the predator is now the one obeying the prey(the human-deer) instead. The choice for the model is just right when putting her up in this kind of setting! Her expression indicates how strong she is as a woman who acts as a prey but she is still being respected. This art work can also tell something to the people out there especially to the ones weak on the inside to stand and be strong when facing the negative things in life. There are lots of predators in our world and its not just humans who hunt the weak ones but the influences and the problems that people make. Do not let the predators control you, you control them, you fix them. HAHA I guess thats how it looks like in your work were the human-deer made the wolf her pet and not ending up being a food to the wolf. The light effects are awesome. They look so accurate when hitting on the surface of the objects. And the blending which makes it look so real. It doesn't look like separated objects since you fused several works of others in to one. You're very creative! It feels like mythical creatures and the world of magic really exist.|
It's so beautiful, I might cry due to it's beautiful-ness. It's just- no words can sum up how beautiful this piece is. 10 out of 10, should be DD. I wish I would your artistic style, but sadly I don't have those skills sadly enough. But it brought tears to my eyes, at it's beauty . Hopefully no-one stoles this master piece. (WTF did I just write about nothing, oh well. I tried not to laugh while I was writing this. I'll be leaving now to get random stuff done like finishing WIPs, looking through the first page. You get the point)|
(Jag skulle egentligen skrivit detta på Svenska, men då alla ska se det här väljer jag att inte göra det) Not bad at all. The color scheme is original and cool, and I'd say the same about the pose. I like how some recent discoveries have been incorporated into the picture aswell (such as the pseudo-theropod-type feet). Though as a Paleoartist i have to point out the inaccuracies., luckily i could only find 2. First of all the horns and the beak have the wrong texture. The bony texture seen most prominently in the Jurassic park film series is not accurate, they should be covered in keratin, like the horns of deer. Secondly, the quills are to thick, we don't know if Triceratops had them at all, but if it did they wouldn't look like spikes or porcupine quills, but more like what've found on Psittacosaurus: upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia… So, overall good job, but i would love to see even more accurate art in the future|
Gosh, where to start here? It's a brilliant idea ind incredibly well executed. I've spent that last 15 minutes trying to figure out all the craft and also playing the "Where's (Insert vehicle name) " There's a couple I haven't spotted and I appreciate that some ships might slip through the net so I'll name em' at the bottom of the critique. There are a few surprises for me. I always thought that Skybase would so much bigger and that the grey helicopter with the red stripe is seriously huge. (I presume it's from Thunderbirds?) It's amazing that you got so many craft into the image and that you had to have spent a huge chunk of time in front of photoshop and probably an even longer time trying to find sizes for the craft. Well done indeed! I haven't spotted the Meta Probe and Space Station from Space 1999 and I haven't spotted Thunderbird 5.|
I like the lines you've used. Nothing seems hesitant. The bow tie is adorable because it emphasizes how big the neck is. The mouth and eyes are fine. Cute. The splotches on the lower part of his neck point to him being a giraffe of some kind, but other aspects of the body contradict it. I mean, giraffes aren't known for being very furry, but this character looks as furry as a bear! Slightly shaggy fur isn't a generally distinguishing trait of giraffes. Also, his splotches don't start high enough to make them very noticeable. Maybe they could start nearer to the face? He kinda looks like a camel or llama or even a primative dinosaur, going by his face and upper neck. Lots more spots or splotches would help define him. His horns are cute, but since his species isn't so obvious at first glance, they kind of remind me of tenticlesor antennae. The horns make me wonder if he might be an alien or alien hybrid. Like I said, making him seem smoother and more spotted up his neck and around his face will GREATLY help to classify him as warm or cold blooded and more. The twig in his mouth is charming. I really like the hints at movement you gave him with the little curved pairs of lines. Maybe some ears would eliminate any reptilian characteristics he has right now. Also, the bow tie makes the neck seem extra thich, like a giant redwood tree trunk, instead of long and gangly like we expect. As he is now, we don't know if he has legs or if he's just one long wormy creature. See what I mean? Overall, I like it. You have a lot to work with here. Nice job!|
beautifully done plush with great fitting accessories matching the character itself (toothbrush). seams done perfectly as well as form and how it stand is done with consideration from what i can see. the accessories such as the socks and scarf math perfectly with the color scheme and texture to the plushy. only problem i see is that the cutie mark is slightly too big and could be smaller. the horn through the hair is awkward and the hair could've been moved to the side instead. besides that is is brilliantly done. i am so glad to see a background character being made in such a great way.|
All I can say to this is... Wow. Just wow. This piece is oh so beautiful, deep, and insightful. I think I may have changed my life forever just by clicking this. This is truly the greatest thing I have ever seen. You have given me a completely new perspective on life. It's answered so many questions I have had, you have opened my eyes. I truly pity those who will never get to see this glorious work of art, their lives will never be complete without it. Thank you, good sir. We are truly blessed to have your contribution.|
Excellent detail. Excellent use of color. And so realistic! And "WHUD!" A very original sound, at least to me! Please post more in the series,. I do believe that I have seen other work in this series, but a linear presentation in one group would be fantastic. BY THE WAY, THIS 100 word minimum policy I guess is aimed at very verbose people who love to pontificate on why there is air, the number of angels on the head of a pin, navel gazing, rather than short, accurate and honest statements of opinion. Bottom line, this was excellent work. Please provide some more.|
Hmm. Now what could this be? It's kind of ovaline so it might be an egg of some sort. The roughness of the texture contradicts that guess. Is it a baby's bald head as seen from above? Again, if that were so, this rather amorphous mass would be smooth and symetrical (the same on both sides). So, that doesn't really work any more than the egg guess worked. Perhaps this is a boulder? A rock? Rocks aren't supposed to be symetrical or smooth, after all. BUT if it is a rock, why is it floating in space? Where's it's shadow? A shadow would give it weight and depth. Likewise, a flat suface somewhere would give it some perspective for viewers, a frame of reference. As it is, this drawing is barely two dimensional because it doesn't look like a thing so much as a circle. A freeform sort of circle. I would recommend giving this drawing a straight line somewhere, like a table top or ground or surface waves in water. Then, give it a cast shadow, that is a sshadow under and to one side of it: a shadow that any object in reality would throw out when light is near. Next, perhaps, you could shade-in one half of it? Decide where your source of light is, first. Then, shade inside of the circle on the opposite side from that light. In that way, you'd have an implied reflection. Reflections and shading give drawings that three dimensional look. The closer to the eraser that you hold your pencil while shading in, the lighter the shading will be. That's just a helpful hint. If you meant for the lines to be rough, fine. Keep it as it is. IF you meant for the thing to be smoother, then practice doing it in the air with your pencil immediately above the page. Slowly, lower your pencil tip to the page while you're making that circle shape mid-air. Let it happen. Touch the sheet with the pencil while making the motion. That is just a tip. NOBODY makes perfect circles every time Some folks never do. Most never try! As long as what you're drawing dowsn't include a true circle, what need is there to learn how to draw one? A graphic designer would just use a compass to get that perfect circle look. Crafters might just trace around a jar lid. Your choice. Color wouldn't hurt, but it isn't required of line artists or illustrators. I appreciate your guts to ask for criticism on a public site. Kudos to you! I hope this critique helps you in some small way!|
I personally like this piece. I love it when artists go beyond and make lewd art. It shows that you are not afraid at all to express what they want to do. I personally like the little details showing the small indents. The body is very nice, detailed, and sexy. One small complaint I have though is the nipples. Being a furry creature, I kind of expected for the nipples and the fur around it to be more abrupt than blend into each other. Like with the claws or hooves (I forgot exactly what they are called). Or maybe that's just me... Nevertheless, it's a nice, sexy piece. Great work.|
This is cute. :3 Very nice lines; everything from the stance to the expression (particularly the wink) gives the character such sass. :') The anatomy is nice, too; really accurate! Overall, it's a very nice character design. I've always been a fan of your colouring style and how you incorporate textures within your work. It gives a really nice effect and one I feel is becoming trademark to you, almost. I like your use of complimentary colours too, with the warm reds/pinks and the greens. It looks neat and very effective. I really love this; awesome job! This is very adorable, you should be proud.|
Wow. Let me catch my breath. THIS IS AWESOME! I don't think Ice wants to be a kid, and Finland disagrees with the m' w'f' thing, but it's funny still the same. The 'Dark Lord' Sve was a great touch. If anyone threatens Finland, Sve's going after them. Same applies to Ice and Norge. I can see the lines well, and it's great that you put how the words were said. It makes it funnier and it reads more like the video sounds. Having Den as the witness was a good idea (mainly because he's the only one not particularily threatened) and because he can do the dramatic voice and gestures without looking weird. I love this.|
This is a wonderful masterpiece. Let me break down my thoughts. I love the pose you chose for her. It really fits her character and the way she is flailing her arms is also hilarious. Speaking of that, the same could be said for the goofy expression. It has so much charm and brightness to it. I really like that and that also fits her I suppose. Also, the line she is saying really makes me crack up. Add the silly expression into the mix and you've and recipe for ludicrousness. Overal:5/5 Great job, continue to make me laugh and smile with your next piece.|
Holy crap you've done it again. You have once again created another piece that could be a scene from the movie. Godzilla looks great as always. And Ghidorah, he looks awesome. His appearance definitely meets Legendary's standards. The lighting is perfect to give it that feeling for the atmosphere. Even the sky has some kind of aesthetic feel to it. The red eyes on Ghidorah are new but they actually make him look badass. Even his teeth look badass. Even the lighting with Godzilla's breath and Ghidorah's breath, the lighting on both are perfect. With Legendary making more Godzilla sequels for the Legendary Godzilla, we can all imagine that all these monsters are going to looking badass. Legendary should definitely make the monsters look like the way you do. Because you make them look like potential looks.|
Vision: Effective. I actually don't watch The Walking Dead, but I can get the basic premise here: Elsa and Anna have to kill zombies to stay alive. Originality: Good. I'm sure others have been done like this, but it's a good idea, well executed. Technique: Great. Very handcrafted. Looks grim and frightening. I love Elsa's expression of world weariness. You can tell that she and her sister have seen and done things that no woman should have to go through. Impact: Strong. Elsa looks scared, tired and sexy, and the position of her body as she holds her gun is great. This is a good drawing for both fans and non-fans of the show which it is spoofing. Awesome work!|
Wow, can I first start off by saying that I love the world you've created here? It reminds me of hundreds of years ago when explorers would report back on their findings with illustrations. The illustrations would seem fantastical to those who viewed them, but were created so clearly that few questions were raised whether or not they existed. To be honest, I can't remember the last time a fantasy piece has struck me in such a way! I'm really hoping to see more of this world you've created. It's tough not giving you all 5 stars! Vision: This is the hardest section to critique, I've found. What was your vision? Well, I can guess that it was to share with us a world you've created, and if that's true you've succeeded. It would ave helped to share with us some of your thoughts on the piece in the description, so without clearly knowing what direction you wanted this to go in, I can't spare you 5 stars. However, I will say that if I were your mother I'd be pleasantly surprised, and I hope that was indeed the case. Originality: While this piece is certainly original, I've seen pictures with similar characters, the most famous which comes to mind is no-face from Spirited away, who bore the same type of 'mask' for a face. Likewise, the wavy alien-esque bodies are something I've noticed pop up frequently in watercolor, for some reason. However, I really wouldn't advise you to change their design, unless you felt confident you had one which would keep the same feeling but add dimension to the creatures here. You've done a great job creating here. Technique: Your technique here is superb. I'll point out a few things which distracted me while I was scouring your picture for faults (I couldn't just hand you five stars on each category!) and then shower you with praise that this piece deserves. The two faces of the main characters here share the same color of the background, where I think it would've stood out had they been the color of the original paper - white. Also the two red growths from the tree looking out at them bleeds into the paper whereas most of the other growths/trees have some form of definite outline, so it kind of breaks of the cohesiveness of the laws of nature in this world. Now I'll point out all the stupendous things here. The first thing which struck me was the color. You've certainly mastered the coloring technique as evidence in the trees and the green/yellow creature. The colors are strong, but not necessarily overwhelming. The different hues blending together adds a realistic element to the life here. Another thing I'd like to point out here is the fantastic detail within the legs/arms of the two creatures walking. Excellent. The creatures themselves show your skill and innovation for creating new life. Likewise, even though the trees are unusual to us, they're recognizable and drawn well. Great job. Impact:Like I said before, this piece for some reason struck with me. Perhaps it's because of the calmness of the scene yet the dynamic colors which strike me. I also feel it's the lack of other creatures you could've fit into the piece that leave the audience dreaming of their own fantasy beings to join the center two for a troll. It's a fantasy piece which is not overdone, a great accomplishment. Thanks for haring this with us. (Also, sorry if there are any typos. I'm on an old laptop and some of the keys need to be pressed down with additional pressure, especially the 's' key. I tried looking through to correct but may not have gotten everything. Congratulations one last time on your art!)|
I really love this character! If it was me, I would buy this little cutie right away! I love your style, the lines are nice and clean and the cutie mark is just adorable! The Gradients on the different articles of clothing are nicely done and all the lighting matches ((even if it more or less of a reference sheet)) The Only thing that really bothers me is the white and purple gradient in her hair. It just a bit to loud when combined with the yellow streaks. Other then that it is the cutest thing I could see today ^.^|
This photograph by Westcat has great attraction first off by the two fighting female figures who equally share the photo. Both are about the same height and size, and their hand and arm placements are about the same as well. Their waists are joined by a single belt (obi) that has been tied to unite them. And that is the problem - it really is not tight enough. I suspect that the artist wanted to give both figures a degree of freedom of motion and movement by such a loose connection, but (unfortunately) this has sacrificed some of the urgency associatedwith the Catfight concept. When we think of a Catfight it is usually a bloody affair - and the picture is of the start of such a confrontation. The face of the redhead shows a degree of pain, but it is insufficient to suggest she is really losing. The blond shows a degree of determined anger, but nothing beyond that. The picture is quite good of the start of such a fight, but because it is obviously the start we don't see how the situation is going to resolve. Perhaps that may pique our interest as well, as we try to guess who the victor will be, but the picture being so early in the event we really cannot guess for lack of sufficient information. A tighter belt might have made it more intriguing.|
I have a great first impression looking at this photo! I love the color treatment. With the person sitting casually on the deck, it gives you peace and comfort. The lights give this image some color contrast. The lens flares adds value to the scene and make it appear more artistic. When taking a close look, the grass around to the man looks quirky. I see a glow around him and the grass' light appears to be white instead of yellow. It loses too much detail. Personally, I would adjust the color to make it more natural. While this is a minor mistake, the rest of the photo is attractive, including the color contrast.|
First, I would like to start off with the fact that this piece is very well done, but does have a few flaws in design that I should point out. Firstly, I have no idea where the light is coming from. I get that it's supposed to be coming from basically everywhere, but the shading suggests that that is not the case, so instead of such dark and copious shading, try a lighter and thinner amount, as the light is everywhere. Secondly, she doesn't look as if she is very happy. From the artist's comments and the title, I can see that she is supposed to look happy. I hate to say it, but she does not. In fact, she almost looks annoyed. I would recommend that the edge of her mouth points farther upwards, and that her lip, as the shading suggests, is curled up, try not shading there or shading more lightly. Thirdly, I see a lot of little white spots abound where she was not coloured in, and, more than you'd think, it draws from the rest of it as they are in such contrast to the rest of the dark, smoother colours. Also, you forgot her wrist cuffs. Anyway, on to the good: I have to say that the colouring you chose goes very well with the background in my opinion (though that could be that I just really like purple), and the attention on her eyes looks amazing. Even though the shading is odd for the intent, I do have to say that it definitely defines where everything ends and begins where a flat colouring would have left to desire. The gems in the middle look very well-done and I love that they're in the shape of the markings on her shoulders. Overall, there are a few mistakes that I think should be cleared up or have a little more attention paid to, but you do have amazing talent and I would love to see what else you could dish out.|
I like the perspective that you used in the piece. That combined with the poses gives it a dynamic feel. I also like the balance of the piece, having gray fox up close and offset by several smaller figures in the background. One thing that could be improved is the way the light shines along the corridor and also the blood spatter. Perhaps skew the spatter a bit more and have the light fall off more gradually. Finally, I like the color scheme. The corridor is painted in cool colors which is contrasted by the extreme violence of the scene. Good work and keep on drawing!|
An overall pleasing composition and good contrast make a statement, even in thumbnail size. The palette is cohesive and harmonious, and there is a nice variety of textures. I love the layers of "dry brush" technique. Loose perspective and "holes" in which the sky color peeks through lend an air of disuse and disrepair, as if the castle were in an inexorable slide off the cliff into oblivion. While the contrast and composition are good, I believe they could be enhanced by bringing the top dark cloud behind the lighted side of the tower. As it is, the tower blends into the sky too much. Obviously, 60 minutes is not enough time to deliver a polished work, but I think the idea itself and the groundwork you've already done is worth a finishing touch|
I really love how it looks <3 I love the technique and the color palette you used! <3 It's a very clean work! The lineart reminds me the anime version <3 His face is so cute and so... Eren! His tiny feets are just perfect! And his big eyes are lovely too! I like the clothes, so detailed. I think that it's a common pose, but it's ok. The only thing I don't like are the hands, I think they are inexpressive. But I love it <3 Congratulations for this artwork <3 I think it looks great, it's shocking <3|
Oh my goodness Sofia I have known you for a while now and let me say, every drawing, every doodle, anything you make just blows me away! Your so talented! And I'm so happy you express yourself through art! If I had money, which I don't..., I would TOTALLY buy commissions from you! I'm so impressed with your works and how you improved so much in the last few deviations, it just makes my day to see your art. Keep up the amazing art! And I miss you so super much! Your the best person ever!~ Love, Amy Awesome :3|
So let me start out by saying this is in fact some of the most insane and amazing Godzilla/TOHO artwork period. You captured the essence of a "Giant Pterodactyl" capable of destroying cities. You took an old monster and made him new again. Onto the actual artwork critique. The texturing of Rodan is simply awesome. Awesome job on his wings, chest, and especially his head. The jet does a very nice job showcasing how big this monster really is. All of the lighting is perfect. Coloring is amazing. You do an amazing job. This monster hatched from an egg in the depths of a mountain. He's not gonna be vibrant and shiny. He's gonna look dull and aged. He's been around for a very very long time. And you done an excellent job showing us that. Also placing us "inside the cockpit" makes me feel like I am right there. The only reason I did not give you 5 stars under originality is because he is from TOHO. You did amazing! Love it!|
Okay since you wanted me to critique this, I'll give it my best shot. ^^ So I suppose I'll start with anatomy. Since this is a cat, I'll be using basic cat anatomy to point out errors ^^ So let's use this as a reference. > fav.me/d2tmtf6 I'll start with the legs! Cats have four joints in their hind legs - hip, knee, ankle, and toes. Using circles when sketching to mark those joints is very useful. ^^ You could also try adding toes and making the paws much smaller. ^^ As for the tail, they don't start out large and become smaller. It's more or less puffier towards the middle depending on fur length. ^^ And maybe try making it slightly longer. ^^ As for the head, try making the muzzle a little bit smaller and lower on the face. ^^ As for the body, I suggest using two circles as a sketch and connecting the two circles with the abdomen. As for the rating - 3 for vision. You're clearly going for a cat character here - just needs tweaking! Originality is two and a half stars - interesting character. ^^ Technique is three stars. You're getting there, but still need some improvement! Impact is one star since this is just a reference sheet. ^^ Hope this helps!!|
I like this, because the blonde won with a plunge of her light sabre through the back and out the front of the Sith! Anytime a swordfight duel happens, that's the outcome I want to see! The blonde should always win, for no other reason, than blonde's have finer cunt hair. And in spite of the fact that she's got kinda vampish teeth, I love those turquoise blue eyes! I also love the sadistic look on her face, as she deals the death blow to her brunette nemesis. And, for that matter, I love the pained and anguished look on the brunette as the blonde's light saber pops out her chest plate. Which brings me to my critique of what I'd like to see, that would make it even MORE sexciting to this perv. I'd like to see significantly LESS tit coverings on these women. LOTS of cleavage should be shown, that portrays them as not just sexy bombshells, but also as somewhat of classy dominatrix 'large & in charge' women of stature and prominence. In addition, I'd also like to see somewhat more of a side view on this death shot, the better to see the cleavage of BOTH women, to decide which one had the biggest tits, AND to also see the light sabre coming out through the middle of the brunette's left tit, in a huge splash of blood, depicting the sure death you would expect to see, from a light sabre blowing through her heart, and all that other yummy flesh! OR, given that her legs are so deliciously, and invitingly spread, the saber could just as easily have burnt through her robe, and up her cunt, through her body, and out her chest just under her left tit, entering it from the underside, and then blowing out the top in a huge splatter of steaming blood everywhere! Now you know why the importance of cleavage revealing dresses.|
I am already captivated by the rather attractive, nude woman laying on her side with her exposed ample breasts. I look to the far right and what do I see? A motion captured picture of a woman doused in soapy, bubbly liquid that's imitating a stomach full of gastric acid. I like what you've done here and I believe taking two videos and combining them to reenact a vore scenario (post digestion) has a great result. I think to add to this you could add screaming or painful moans to add to the terror of the food inside of her.|
i have so much amazing stuff to say about this but i cant so i just wrote the whole lyrics for how to pronounce ( ?° ?? ?° )? look at that booty show me the booty gimme the booty i want the booty back up the booty i need the booty i like the booty oh what a booty shakin that booty i saw the booty i want the booty lord what a booty bring on the booty give up the booty lovin the booty round booty down with the booty i want the booty huntin the booty chasin the booty kissin the booty gettin the booty beautiful booty smokin booty talk to the booty more booty fine booty|
The vision is great! I how the point of view is right in front of her, and how she looks very realistic! Well done! I have never seen something like this, but I believe there is something like this lying around, but the fact that it's your mother is very original! I don't think I have every see something like this that features an actual person, which makes it harder to draw The technique is very good! I personally love the shading and the way that this could be a real life person! The impact for me is that you would draw your mother with her favorite animal, and that is very touching for me and that is so sweet|
All I have to say is, I saw what you did there xD That's a clever crossover with that clouded Mario and the Mega Altaria just they have something in common, They're both cloudy LOL, Although it would be better if it had a hint of color to it, but overall this is an adorable/awesome drawing 17.5/20 = 88% = B = Great (That's all I have to say about this, Damn you "100 Word Minimum" policy TnT)(That's all I have to say about this, Damn you "100 Word Minimum" policy TnT)(That's all I have to say about this, Damn you "100 Word Minimum" policy TnT)|
Yeah I may write a cirtique^^ (Although I can't draw as good as you, but not soo bad I think-->check out my gallery) I just have to say that I love this pic it is amazing! Sarabi is well drawn and so is Mufasa! He really looks like a ghost and you can see boths sorrow! The shadows are very good made tooo and I like their poses how Sarabi lays there and how Mufasa walks. I like the background too although If I rember the den from the film the way into the den is a bit too steep Great pic!|
Oh my, where do I begin with this one...Sorry, this is my first critic ever so....All I have to say is booty. The booty is the very best part of this. You focused everything on the booty which is very hard to do at times. And might I say the background also goes along with this as well as coloring, shading, etc. etc. And the eye is really glorious to look at too. If I had to say overall, this is the best piece of artwork I've ever seen and it should be in a museum. Not this place. We should spread the word of this artwork so your name will be up there for generations to come. A lot of people will applaud you for what you've done.|
Okay, I'm not the first person to say this, but it needs to be said again: THIS IS EPIC. The style is fluid and goes well with the picture, and the look in celesta's eyes... The only detail that seem a little off in this picture is that the cloud in the top right looks a little cut off. (sorry if this seems like nitpicking) To leave on a positive note, the thing that really makes this artwork appeal to me is that it looks thought out and not just something where you were struck by the muse and tried to get it all out without any premeditation. I encourage you to continue making more pieces like this one so that we, the masses, may continue to enjoy their beauty.|
Very well done! Samael sounds like a very devastating villain who no doubt will be a major pain in our heroes' side. The portrayal of this homo-daemon as a sadistic psychopath from the dawn of time is very intriguing; it also shows that sometimes the most evil things come from within our own communities. Seriously, the only time he shows "affection" is whether to test someone is worthy OR if he gets something in return. I do wonder if that boy will show up again eventually, would make an interesting reunion. My only big issue is that there are several spelling errors which are easily fixed. Awesome job overall.|
Omg! Thank you so much! I love all of the detail, especially in my wings, and the background. It's very beautiful, and I love the forest detailing, because I'm a dimension-traveling cat (Don't ask. Please. XD) Anyway, you obviously put a lot of work into this. You got ask of the colors just right, and the staging in the perfect places. The feathers were placed in the best spots, soeverything is filled up nicely. The lighting is just right, how it beams down onto her (my?..) face. The stripes are placed where they should be, along with everything else. It has the structure of a real cat! I love your drawing style, and can't wait to see more from you. ~ Kiwi|
A very beautiful model in a classic pose. Nothing distracts or detours in the main part of the photo to me. The hair and the eyes are exquisite, the face captured beautifully to enthrall the viewers. The chest and neck, even the chin, all trail up to the eyes wonderfully. The only odd part I did not notice until I started looking at the photo more closely for critique. That would be the lower region of her arm. It is a bit blurry, perhaps as as an artistic effect. However, this wouldn't be readily noticed by anyone unless they were able to escape the spell her eyes place on you. Or, more likely, they were writing a critique that had a 100 word minimum.|
I love this! The lighting is exquisite, the mood is completely set and I absolutely love the details. There are little things like the markings on her legs and her dress that really captivate my attention. Love it! Furthermore, I absolutely adore the regal feel of it but also in that is the simplicity. She isn't splendorous, her beauty is subtle and natural. I feel like that completely contrasts everything around her in the best way. I may not be an artist but from a photographer's point of view, this is cinematic gold. 10/10, this piece right here is pure beauty.|
The subtle story at play here is interesting. Little details like the shattered, shot window as well as the hinged up floorboards and mossy wall give this a post or current-apocalyptic feel. Zombies? War? The fact that nothing is specified beyond this certain tension of outer conflict strengthens itself. And the centered candle and odd little pinkish ball provide a thematic counterpoint. The warm candle's glow helps balance the uncertainty and melds a more somber mood, of which I am reminded of La Tour's Mary Magdelen With the Smoking Flame (1640) The pinkish ball, whatever it actually is, feels to be both a meld of that magic uncertainty and light curiosity. This also serves to be an excellent example of how a story can be infused within a work by expression and interaction between two characters. The mare's soft smile, rounded by the glow of the candle, speaks of a weariness laced and entwined with happiness, directed at the stallion. The stallion (of which I admit I thought was Celestia at first) seems mildly shocked, evident by his widened eyes and forward facing ears. His gaze meets hers, creating the impression that something was said (or proposed?) that makes the air stand still; the kind of magical moment where despite any amount of chaos, the very air seems to hold its breath and all focus is brought to these two. Lastly, the placement of the heads hits the upper third-way mark, as the Rule of Thirds would suggest. The ever so slightly tilted floor follows the lower thirds line, making the spacial composition of this piece academically textbook.|
your godzilla fan arts just keep getting better and better. Especially with the announced new monsters. This design is flawlessly done and has some great tone and shading on Ghidorah's heads. The use of other shades to make the piece blend together is also very nicely done. This piece in general is well made in my opinion due to it's tonality and artistic value. It's a great piece that showcases just how cool the designs used for the next installment of the Godzilla franchise could look. take notes, legendary. you're going to need 'em. This is a very well done piece, and i'm looking forward to seeing your future works|
This drawing of Applejack is definitely good. However, the only things that would make this drawing really shine is the design of Applejack's snout. It looks like a male pony snout and with that in mind, it really changes her entire original look. The cutie mark is not on her flank, but I think that the background really shows it off, which is very good by the way. Finally, the pose looks adorable and I think it really suits her character. Altogether, this is a very good piece of art about an orange earth pony who loves apples. Fantastic job!|
This is really amazing! I am not gonna lie, this artwork is so adorkable! I like the coloring and the eyes are so lovely . You have a great-looking style and the pose is so cute. I liked the way when you draw Moonshine! By the way, we had so much fun at Twii's join.me yesterday! We helped Twii and Softy from evil and we made them feel better. We all support these idols anf we'll never forget! And you, dearest Torieee, you are such a great friend o' mine! You better keep working and carry on! Peace out!|
This is amazing! The expression fits Cadence perfectly, it shows her kind side, shows that she can have fun. You have amazing technique! I love how you made the mane a little messier, to make it look more realistic. Also, the shading and lighting is amazing, especially on the horn and mane. I think the background choice is perfect. It's simple and doesn't take away from the main focus of the drawing, while still being beautiful. Her mane is very well drawn, very detailed. Overall, this is an amazing piece of artwork, beautiful to look at and has a warm feeling to it. You are a very talented artist!|
I really like this crossover! The background is nice, the clouds have a nice realistic feel to them, good job. One thing I must mention though, Naruto's jacket/sweater is a bit clunky. Around the waist area, it seems to jut out a lot. Also, Korra's hair looks a bit stiff. The coloring is great, as well as the shading. I like your shadow placement. I really like this piece all in all, and love the effort you put into this. Another thing, Korra's brows look a bit un-even, but it's easily forgivable. ;3 Aside from all that, keep it up!~|
I want to start by saying that I love this piece. The use of contrast between cold white and crimson gives the piece a largely supernatural feel, and also helps accent the form of the model. The use of a limited palette (something I have found reasonably difficult) helps to soften the work. Though the colours used would otherwise be striking, the overall effect is a serene and calm piece. The use of lighting lifts the model off the page and by focusing the reds and blacks in the central third of the piece your attention is brought to her. The form has been captured perfectly and conveys a sense of life that can often be quite difficult to capture. My only suggestions for further improvement would be some indication of facial features. A perfect copy is not essential however just a few well places shadows and dark lines to imply expression would give this piece a boost.|
Well here we go! Vision: It's a very pretty piece where it's clear what everything is and vibrant colors! Maybe a little too vibrant...Some of the greens clash with the blues or other greens. I suggest reading up on this: frostclaw140.deviantart.com/ar… It's really helped me! Other than color, I think the tree is too black, and could use some other shades in it. Originality: I'm not exactly sure how to critique this in a background picture xD Well, all I can say is it's different from most of your other pictures, and you've definitely improved. Technique: Well, I feel like you've experimented with a lot of different tools and the result was very lovely! You've still got some ways to go, but this is a good start! Remember: Don't stick with just one technique, try many of them and see which one you'd like to incorporate into your style! Impact: Well, this has impacted me enough so I'd critique it, so that's a win! I've definitely remembered it!|
Oh.... oh my... this is just.... There are no words to tell how beautiful this is... The beauty.... is enough to make a man cry. This is clearly high quality art, 10/10 should be hung in a museum. By far better than my art, this is so beautiful and majestic. Way better than SkyDoesMinecraft. Just amazing. And the hands are so realistic... it's unbelivable. How do you draw like this??! Please do tell me. I want to learn how to draw like this. Oh my, and the eye looks amazing! Pure art right here. I'm printing this out and putting it on my wall. Thank you for contributing this fine art to us.|
Uummm Okay. I haven't critiqued in a long time but here we go! For starters I guess I'll start with the background. I can tell that there's dirt and grass. And the sky is blue. But the sky doesn't just magically change color when there's a border between two characters! I suggest next time trying to keep the sky the same color. As for the grass, unfortunately it isn't naturally a pastel-ish lime green. I suggest maybe referencing real grass for color and texture. Let's use this image for example! > fav.me/dx0gj1 Here we have a perfect example of natural, green grass. You should maybe try using brushes to add blades of grass rather than lumps. As for the dirt - the lumps will work but try making them less sharp looking. As well as maybe adding pebbles and stones and cracks - dirt isn't just brown! Another example > fav.me/d2pasbp You can clearly see the lumps and pebbles here. You've got the brown idea down, but texture is key!! Next I guess I'll move on to anatomy. You have the right idea - head, tail, four legs, ears... But I'd like to point out that heads aren't circles. There's a lot of depth - especially in animals. I'm going to take a guess that the characters are a fox and dog, or maybe an Eevee and Victini? I'm not sure. But I'll cover that! For the purple character, let's use this as a reference > fav.me/d3dt3j5 Assuming she's a fox, by using this as a reference, you can clearly see the pointed muzzle. That's a key point to foxes. Next I'll point out the body structure. This artist uses a common technique - three circles. One for the head and two for the body. This helps with giving the chest and flank the correct circle-ish shape and the abdomen connects the two circles. Which brings me to the legs! Foxes have relatively thin, long legs built for stealth. One thing you should try adding are joints. That will most certainly make the legs look very fluent!! ^^ Toes are also essential to a proper mammal. Most mammals have four toes. I suggest maybe adding toes to make them look nicer too! Lastly I'll brush up on the tail. You should try raising it just a little. The tail is an extension of the spine, so you could try making it appears more connected to the spine rather than just sort of poking out of the characters rear. Dogs are similar to foxes except a bit more bulky. So try going for a similar idea as the fox, but with more bulk. ^^ The heads are different, they're more roundish with a kind of square muzzle. A reference for that > fav.me/dqgl3u Finally I'll follow up with the rating. I'm giving it one star for vision because there were a lot of things that needed a bit of fixing. I'm giving it one a star for originally because the idea of two characters being separated has been done a plethora of times. I'm giving technique half a star because of all the flaws (Sorry!!). Finally, Impact is one star because even though this scene is clearly kind of sad, two characters separated, one being in a gloomier state than the other, it's not terribly with the way it was illustrated. I'm sorry for being kind of harsh with the ratings, but I hope this helps you improve!! ^^|
This is bootyful. I really enjoyed the amount of effort put into this masterpiece that blends both modern elements with old, traditional effects. Truly a splended work of art. When I came to view this image I didn't know I would be left in tears. This has inspired me and will continue to inspire me for many years to come. Words can't express how grateful I am for this work of art. This deserves a DD. Nay, it deserves to be displayed in every museum- so all may gaze upon its brilliance and wonder... Could anything other than a higher being have created this...?|
This picture immediately stunned me with its beauty. I didn't even need to think twice about making this the first painting I've ever critiqued. Every time I look at it, it never fails to take my breath away. You can just barely see the Skrelp if you're close up, but if you lean back in your chair, you can clearly see her silhouette. This gives the impression that you really are underwater, with algae covering the surface to create the shadows and green coloring. The dark lines going upward gives the impression that she is floating behind some kelp or seaweed, not wanting to be disturbed. I believe that the oddly-shaped bubbles give it a nice feel. I in fact have seen oddly-shaped bubbles like this before. The fact that they are simply lighter circles with smaller, darker circles in the back, makes it really seem 3D. This picture is beautiful yet mysterious. I believe that this makes it truly something to remember.|
This deviation shows just how much care and time the artist has put into it. The background and foreground are just as lush and intricate as the focal point of the piece and the deviation as a whole blends together perfectly. The lighting is perfect and painstakingly crafted, giving the whole area a soft but definitive glow. Overall, an incredibly impressive deviation that is pretty much bang on with what it's trying to achieve. The only thing that I would possibly change would be the shadowing. The platform on which the character is standing on is already quite murky in comparison to the grass and skyline, so putting shadows on top of it -while necessary- made it quite hard to tell where the ground stopped and the shadows started. A shade lighter would be welcomed, but it certainly doesn't take away from the overall splendor this piece has to offer. 9/10|
This image is striking for a number of reasons. First, the foundation of the piece, the draughtsmanship, is so strong and clear. The rendering of the facial features is strong and well-defined giving this image a realistic center. The piece builds an energetic nimbus with the much looser but just as deliberate strokes suggesting neck, shoulders and hair. The controlled chaos of those strokes is offset by the small vingettes and pattern repetitions appearing throughout the image; the combination of these elements allows the image to blend into a more fantastic realm (spiritual, psychological or fantasy). The color is wonderfully muted, possibly due to the unconventional nature of the artist's pigment delivery. The artist skillfully keeps his palette from becoming muddy and unclear; this serves the piece more than a higher-value palette would forthis image.|
Gleich zu Anfang möchte ich sagen, dass ich dieses Fanart grandios finde. Vom künstlerischen und motivischen Standpunkt. Du weißt ja, wie sehr ich es mag, wenn du Bilder im Fensterstil anfertigst und schon allein deswegen hat mir auch dieses hier sehr gefallen bzw gefällt mir ja immernoch. Aber am Besten ist es, wenn ich geordnet und von vorne anfange. Die fließenden Farbübergänge, die sich eigentlich überall zeigen, geben vorallem dem Stoff Dynamik und Lebendigkeit. Der Faltenwurf der Robe ist wirklich ausgezeichnet und beweglich dargestellt. Keine Spur von etwas Starrem oder Festen. Man erkennt sehr gut, dass es Stoff/Rauch sein soll. Auch Licht und Schatten werden dadurch sehr gut eingefangen und geben dem Ganzen trotzdem etwas Unwirkliches, nicht Greifbares. Die Pferde, die so fließend aus dem Gewand entspringen, gefallen mir sehr gut. Die Proportionen und das Design sind sehr schön. Natürlich ist mir auch der 'Heiligenschein' aufgefallen, den du in deinem persönlichen Stil immer so eigenwillig-schön darstellst. Er passt sehr und mir gefallen die feinen Spitzen und die Zierlichkeit. Zu der Waffe muss ich gar nichts sagen, denn das sie awesome ist, sieht man ja wirklich sofort. Die kleinen Details mit Silberstift sind wirklich schön und geben dem Ganzen noch mehr Mystik, wenn ich das so ausdrücken kann. Diese Unterteilung in Segmente finde ich passend und sie unterstreicht auch die Fensterglasoptik. Außerdem rückt sie ganz natürlich die Hauptaspekte des Bildes in den Mittelpunkt der Aufmerksamkeit. Natürlich ist das der Böserino, allerdings muss ich zugeben, dass mein persönlicher Mittelpunkt der Mond ist. Den hast du besonders gut hinbekommen. Er wirkt tatsächlich, als würde er leuchten. Ein sehr guter Effekt, den du da hinbekommen hast. Auch das Sicheldesign sagt mir sehr zu! Alles in Allem, ein wirklich tolles Stück Arbeit! Applaus für den Künstler~ Und ein Belohnungskeks für besondere Leistungen! Mach weiter so!|
Great work on this frozen walking dead crossover! It is wonderful to see how far you've come. Work by work, you keep getting better and it is a pleasure to watch. As always your shading is spot on. I really like Elsa's outfit. I cannot help but wonder...does she have ice powers in this version? And is that Jack's sweatshirt I see? you've mastered drawing Elsa's hair and her eyes came out stunning. Facial injuries are a nice touch and firearms add to the greatness. The sign is well detailed. Poor Arendelle...eternal winters, invasions, monster attacks, and now a zombie apocalypse. The blood splatters are an eerie and great touch. I love your art. Keep drawing great works and I hope I'm there to see them!|
This really does look amazing digitally done. It seems really overwhelming at first, but when you take the time to read it, it isn't as daunting. One thing that might be a nice addition would be a simple set of nested of if/else statements that correspond to the if/else statements in the graphic. I really like the simple style that all of the graphics that were made in, that didn't require too much technique but looked very nice. As mentioned it seems a little disorganized, but I think some sort of key would be helpful. All in all it looks wonderful and the graphics are amazing, but it does seem a tad disorganized.|
A NEW EXCITING PAGE IN AFRICA!!! I am surprised and thrilled in a good way by this new one...here I'll explain why: In the very first frame, which isn't framed at all, but a free white space flooded by wild butterflies, we are dashed with the detail of the wings and the delicate colors of these fluttering beauties...who sweep us three years forward in the story, serving as a very adequate and ellegant foil for the passing of time. the second frame with a very elderly Nadira's face did both fill my heart with tenderness and twist it at the same time. She is happy and smiles sweetly on her joy of the coming of the wet season...BUT her cheeks are sunken, her pelt has lost it's natural brilliance, and her eyes...those are perhaps the most difficult change to digest, her pupils are empty of life. With years, our wise one has turned completely blind, and stares without seeing at the changes she can feel in the smell of the wind and the feels on her skin and bone... In the third frame our olf friend rests among a bunch of zebras who are serving her as protection since she's too old to fight-or-run and is blind to unheard or scent covered dangers. She turns in distress at a sound, asking whether it's her son coming to her... Fourth and last frame, and oh luck, it is Paa!...He has fully grown a huge, ellegant set of horns, and is ready to find himself a mate. he only regrets his mother can't see his beautiful new horns...and we do too. The contrast exposed between elderly Nadira laying down in the grass, on a pose which depicts masterfully her old age, and vibrant, youthful Paa standing nest to har is brilliant. Particularly on Nadira's case, we can almost see her half closed blind eyes blinking in recognition, her head bobbing slightly in difficulty to hold it completely straight and still because of the passing of time...she is one of the most convincingly old animals I've ever seen in a drawing. Congratulations Arven!... And then there's the zebras. A BUNCH OF ZEBRAS!...Everyone hand drawn and colored, with a unique pattern of stripes like they should have...and a flawless anatomy. There are also other gazelles hidden in the herd, and the light blue skies and dimly lit prairie are beautifully rendered... I loved this page!!! Even if our protagonist doesn't show up for now... All I can do is to cross fingers in the hope she won't eat Nadira now. She is still a leopard, one must never forget that. As loving and good at heart as she might be, a prey is a prey, and a blind prey is twice as easy to catch...even though as a human it makes me sad to think what could happen should these two's worlds collide again... I fear a bad ending for old Nadira... Let's wait and see what the next page brings! Excellent job, and good keep up of a natural story, it is not easy to make something which until now could be a documentary into something anyone would love to read and follow!|
This is one of the most amazing pieces of artwork that I've ever seen in my life! I love how you were able to create a sublime shine on the mane, eyes and tail. Another thing I really like about this is how the water underneath the pony has little dots and sparkly spots in it. The edges of the waves on the water are a really nice touch. The top of the mane (on the head and neck) are no duh a lighter shade than the rest of the mane. But my favourite thing about this: IT'S ALL BLUE!!!!! Blue is the best colour in the world. Keep up the epic work! (What program did you use???)|
Avec uniquement 2 photos pour juger, ça va être un peu dur, mais je vais essayer. D'une part, je trouve le costume pas mal du tout, les manches séparées du reste font un bel effet, et la coiffure est plutôt bien réussie. J'avoue bien aimer la présence des petits papillons dans les cheveux. Je regrette par contre que le pendentif fasse un peu trop toc (en tout cas sur cette photo) même si sa présence apporte une touche sympathique. Peut-être en prévoir un autre. Ensuite, la pose est sympa, ainsi que la position des cheveux tous passés sur la même épaule. Par contre, je regrette que les tétons ne ressortent pas. Je pense qu'il aurait été plus agréable de les faire pointer. Qu'en penses-tu ?|
This was a great piece, and I really enjoy that you went back and re-did this, after looking at the original. The two main things I noticed were a little off were the mouth and the eyes. The eyes could've been slightly curved and shorter, which would have given it the effect of looking from an angle. The mouth looks lopsided and personally, I think you should have made only half of the mouth visible, because otherwise it looks like his mouth has been slid onto his cheek, which is a bit strange, if you ask me. However, the idea of the piece is very enthralling, and makes for a great way to show expression.|
|
Now, I don't know much about Naruto or Legend of Kora but I can say this; this price is awesome. It stood out to me among my other deviations I. My messages and what first caught my eye was the colouring,. The chlich of last really stands out to me and Korea's blue awesomely congrats Naruto's suit. Id also lime to .mention the facial features of both individuals and how.confident they both looks, not to mention Korea's stance. Over all this price is over all very appealing to me, and actually made me want to write a cretique, which is very rare for me to do. So once again awesome job, keep up the great work!|
Okay, this is adorable! Derpy is just too cute! Here I go.... The lighting is good, The colors are correct. But why is Derpy so small? Big mailbox? Why is she so determined to block our mail? She's a mail pony and would GIVE us our mail, not block it. Working on her personality will make it better. She could be flying with mail in her mouth, she could have a cute mail hat on, with a muffin in her hoof so she looks the same. Cute picture, Good art, I'm a fan of your work. I'll watch you UwU|
Wow, great job on this one, . It is a nice one. I think you paused it nicely. Mostly the part when you can see it charging up the Ice Beam. Brilliant. Very brilliant. I know you want it to bee nicely zoomed in, but I think you could zoom out a little so we can see all of Suicune. I hope you get what I'm saying. If not, I'm sorry. You can just ask me and I will try to explain it better. What I like most about this one is the nice sun set while Suicune is doing the move. Great job!|
Oh my... This dress is gorgeous! Beautiful, marvelous!! How are you doing recently, I see that you did the work in your own style ... Hanna looks great! Lighting effects are amazing and make the picture look natural / true! I really adore, your drawing style and the individuality of each detail. By the way details... these stones and decoration dresses are fabulous!! They look like the real thing and make the dress also looks like a real!! I hope that in the future you will be doing more work associated with prom gowns and ballrooms... because this dress came out beautifully!! Hugs ~Ashia2256|
Beautiful work! Nicely done. What is it? Where'd it come from? How was it made? Will it survive? Was this a bored based drawing? Questions ._. 
On behalf of Wow, this is a lovely shot. The mist makes it hazy to the point that its like a dream. The shot is very crisp and clear. Waterfall shots are almost always lovely, but I especially like the angle of this. You get a lot of ground in on this image as well, which is good. Points off originality just because there are a lot of waterfall shots out there. Nothing wrong with that at all though! And the only other thing is that I wish the colors were a bit more saturated. This can be adjusted using image editing software. Very minor thing though. Nice work!|
Very cool design yo have here. The design is simple yet classy ad the face expression is cute yet shifty. The hood is also simple and expresses flows of lava which simply belong with the fire type. The technique is awesome and I really like it that you don't use the common sugi-style but you're own and I think that's something to be prized for. It's original, I don't know what it resembles but I think it's little-red riding hood together with an ant. Or a little red riding hood in terms of a goblin species. Impact , Well it doesn't blow my mind but I havent seen this before so Ill just give half of the 5.. Vision it represents a darker fatnasy theme and I think he's cool.|
I'm going to split this into three parts: Story Line, Lemon, Grammar (because I'm a Grammar Nazi). Story Line: The way you set the stage and gave "Reader" an idea of where we might be was well thought out. You gave us some insight into a dilemma where our main focus was having an issue. You then explained the issue and gave "Reader" somewhere to sympathize and relate. you also gave the status about how both parties where feeling about the issue. A bit of humor was slipped in and it was just the right amount to add to the story and not distract us from the vision. I was able to see in my head just what was going on between America and England. I will admit that I can almost see England pretending to be drunk just to get in America's pants. Lemon: Your descriptions make very vivid mental pictures, I must say. You could extend the actual sex part a little longer. If it makes you uncomfortable to write though, it's ok. I think that due to the lemon section not being the whole story, you don't have to put an 18+ warning on it. If you get some complaints about younger kids reading it though, then it might be a good idea. Grammar and Spelling: This is my favourite part. There was some parts that I found had some unnecessary stuttering and you missed a few commas, but other than that, everything was grammatically correct! Good job! You are probably the first one that I've said this to! The little bit of raunchy wording just added to the overall foreplay feeling. Things I Might Change: At the -quote- "YAY!" he squealed. Alfred burst out laughing at his excitement. -unquote-, I would change it to -Alfred let out a light laugh at his excitement-. You really are a great writer! This is the fourth piece of writing that I've read from you and I really like your style! I hope to see more in the near future! (One thing, quite often the sound is more like a scream for the Uke rather than a "argh". I should know. I'm a Seme.)|
The chaos around the person's head gives me a sense of what this individual has or is going through. In the eyes there is sadness but still the head is held up high as if a fight was put up but it's time to call it quits. Lines and markings on the face remind me of an old map and there are plants in the background above and below the head. The colors i think symbolize Earth and Water. Looking at this piece I feel anger and Sadness, making me wish I could help in some way. Very Beautiful Piece.|
Aww! This is SO cute! I absolutely LOVE the expression! So sweet! I like the movement shown by the swing. I also like your cell shading but I would love to see you use a hard edged brush. :] They seem less forgiving when you make mistakes but it’s really good practice and they would fit the style of cell shading better. It would also match the tree brushes you used in the background. :] I’d also like to see some varying line weights in your inking. You’ve got different thicknesses of lines on different parts of the picture but none that change from one thickness to another in the same line. Varying line weight can add even more life and fullness to your art. I can’t get over how darling that face this though! For me, that is definitely the strongest point of this picture. Everything about it is drawn so well! Great work! :]|
oh my god! Dude this is amazing! It might be innapropriate, but thats the body, and it is amazing! I expesually love what you did with the lower half. xD not to mention the fact that it's just extremily well drawn! You are so good at drawing dude! I know this dosen't exactly sound right with my wording, but at the moment I'm just like wow. it happens whenever I see an anime pic this hawt! keep up the good work! You are an amazing artist, and if you don't eventually get your own anime, I'll give up on humanity. -xD|
This is a beautifully done drawing with good lighting and shading. You did amazingly well in this attempt to make her look cute. I especially like how well done and thought out the background is! The light and detail in the moon and the rest of the background is superb. You also did her hair beautifully, much like it is on the show. I really like how you madd her eyes so bright and detailed adding even more to her cute factor along with the slight blush. You can easily tell she's a pony in a bunny costume by how well you drew it, especially with the details. That's it! i can't take it anymore, she's so adorable!!! Especially with the cute blue bow at her neck, she is just so cute!!|
Not only does this give Kha'Zix's body concept, of many joints, and thick skin. It re-creates the whole idea of an overgrown bug? It gives him that abyssal look; maybe when he lands from E, he splashes water everywhere? Who knows, I love how this gives you the ideas of what his powers look like, and how they will animate. I would love to see him in his evolved R form, as this gives him the dangerous look of a hunter who stealths, like the Stone Fish, to which says still, to hunt it's prey. And, isn't that what makes Kha'Zix? His bulky multi-color shell? You provided all what makes Kha'Zix in this picture...originality.|
firST OF ALL HELLO ATTSOS I know I'm not the best artist, but: I think you did a really goo job on the background, as well as the character. However, some parts of the image don't exactly "blend" well with the scene. The clouds have a good concept, however with the excellent shading and detail of everything else, they look somewhat out of place in the sky. The originality is good, however I've seen that pose used multiple times. This isn't a bad thing though, it's perfectly fine to use a pose as a reference. Next: The paws. I'm not sure how you could change this as I have this problem with my art as well, but it doesn't look like the wolf is actually on top of the rock. It looks somewhat pasted there. This may be because, I think, the paws don't mold to the angle of the rock. The outside front and the inside back paws are a good example of this. The toes should mold to the rock like your hand would if you put it on a boulder of that size. It's hard to do, I can't do it, but it's just to make it more realistic. Other than that, I think this is wonderfully done. The colors blend together well, and the shading is really good. I love the grass especially.|
Alright, I'm not extremely experienced with this kind of art, but I'll give you the advice I know. First off, what looks good. The shading and lighting are great, and the colors are very visually pleasing. You can see a lot of small details in the landscape, and overall its very nice looking. Everything looks nice shape-wise, the only recommendation I'd give you is that the fence curves strangely near the house. It looks like it'd fall right off the cliff, due to gravity. Now, color-wise, one recommendation I can give you is that the further things are in perspective, the closer they are to the color of the sky. The hills in the background with the house would likely be more close to the orange color, rather than the black. The clouds look a bit messy and scribbly also, and you could use a bit more hills in the background, but otherwise, this is a very pretty piece. Good job!|
The balance of the color and dark edges in this is really nice! I love the color pallet you’ve used too, especially the choice to make the face white and kind of ghost like. I don’t know if you were going for a ghost like thing or not but I like it and feel like it gives the viewer a lot to think about as for as interpretation. I also like all the different methods you used to put this together, some things being hand drawn and others that are photo manipulations. You’re made them work together very well. :] I would like to see a little more detailed line work around the lips of the face. That is probably the most distracting part for me as it looks a little like the cigarette is behind the mouth, not actually in it. I think this could be pretty easily avoided if you thought about the roundness and fullness of the lips rather than just the outline. This is something you did a great job on around the nose and in the ear. In the ear you have a lot of little lines that curve different directions and overlap each other. On the lips those lines would be more subtle but just as important. I would also clean up the outside edges of the cigarette. :] Over all though, this is very nice and shows a lot of emotion. I also really like that simple brush strokes you used for the smoke. It makes that part crisp and clean, and it overlaps nicely. That was a nice brush choice. :] Great work!|
First off, the detail in this is absolutely beautiful! It’s clear that you’ve really paid close attention to each line and every stroke looks like it was done with purpose. I also love all that you included a border in this and then broke that border line on the left side. That really helps to balance the weight of the big face and eye in the middle. I really enjoy the contrast of darks and lights that really make the image pop off the page, especially in the smaller 3/4 figure on the left. The only thing I notice that doesn’t quite match the rest is the nose of the large face in the middle. I think part of the reason it sticks out is because it is right next to the super round and dark figure and it looks a little flat, when realistically it should be one of the roundest things, even though it doesn’t have as much contrast on it. Noses are definitely harder to draw from strait on but they are a really important part of the face and it’s worth putting in the extra effort to practice drawing them from various reference pictures. Think about the different shapes that make up the nose and how might look if you were drawing lines through them. A really good example of this is how you have drawn the right side of his face and check with all those cross contour lines. That part is especially well done and it really shows off the form of the face. :] Even though you are not drawing those lines everywhere else on the face, it’s helpful to think about the form as if you were going to draw them. Beautiful work! :]|
First off, the flow of this picture is really nice! Her body gesture, her hair, the tree and clouds in the background.. they all work together very well. :] You’re doing some very fun things with the lighting as well although it’s a little confusing where it’s coming from. I’m guessing that it’s supposed to be comeing from the sunset, but the shadows on her body suggest that there is a pretty direct light source coming from behind her. You’ve also included some orange light on her arm and blades, along with a bunch of highlight areas all over her back and pants. (Which is very cool! :] Colored light is the best kind of light!) Something that may help make your light direction a little clearer would be to build up your shadows. You can still have that light dream like feel that Primogenitor34 mentioned even after adding some pretty dark pockets of shadow. For example, if the light is coming from the sunset on the right, her face would have a lot more shadow on it, along with the left side of her body, especially the left leg. But if you want to light on her face for emphasis, I would suggest creating a light source behind her. That way, you could leave most of the lighting were it is. You’d just need a shadow on the ground. As far as her hand looking a little off, her thumb is on the wrong side (no worries, I’ve totally done that before XD) It should be on the inside, closest to her body. You may also want to tilt her wrist up a little to match the angel of the blade. I hope this critique doesn’t make it should like I don’t like this. I actually like it a lot! I’m impressed with how much looks so good so I’m being a extra picky, especially with the light, because I can tell you put a lot of thought into that and you did very well! Beautiful job! :]|
Hey , I really liked what you did with this one. It looks really great. I'm really surprised that is what Ivysaur looks like going into the Pokeball. It is so funny. When you do this one, did you and Dan hit (Down B) and then paused it? I just want to understand. I think this one is a little better than the other one because it is smaller with a HUGE flower on it's back. Sorry if that is being mean or anything, but it is true. HA. It is super funny. Great job on this man. Very well done indeed.|
preatty cool custom. the face paint is great and the use of the hair. the use of the obitso doll are good idea to make a sailor custom only we need to se the dress for her and to be complete. I like the the articulation of that cain of body, they give a lot of poseble options in pictures and action and the saiolr mercury in the back is the same i hope to see her later. I hope to se the posible if she came whit interchangeable hands for more dramatic poses, like holding the magic talisman or another cool poses for that mater and for last is beatiful well made head custom.|
As the primary character of this piece, the Sultana is very properly situated in the center of the picture. Her posture and satisfied expression leave no doubt as to who is in charge. Meanwhile, her harem sits in a circle beneath her, having been allowed no clothing whatsoever, very likely to drive home their subjugated status. Any feelings of embarrassment on their part are simply ignored. Prominent, too, is the Sultana's guard, who I assume to also be a female. The wide blade of her weapon can serve as a disciplinary paddle for recalcitrant slaves, who are extra vulnerable in their state of nudity. Her attention now seems focused upon the anxious looking slave who the Sultana seems to have "underfoot".|
Hmm. Ok. This is my first critique. I just wanna say that, This is one of my favorite pictures. and characters. After I had my wisdom teeth removed, I seen this picture on Facebook, and when I seen it, it was the first thing that made me smile. The Color shading, the innocence of Mint and her butterfly friend, all amazing. :') Plenty of reasons to call this one of my favorite pictures of Mint. Especially since it was made by an amazing artist. Now, I must end this very first critique. Megamind: Chao chao, All! Roxanne: Same Time Next Week?|
I so love this picture, the way you used to go from dark to light is surprising, blue shade gives a heavenly touch to Blaze, the various shades of golden eyes make them shine. The lines are firm and straight, there is nothing wrong about that the proportion is correct; the ears are large, small body, but everything looks natural. The only thing I see great stars are the lower left side, being so close together are like a doodle, what good is that they are not all the same color. The pose is great, makes she look like a warrior.|
I think you did a great job on this one. I really like it. Nice detail and I like the scarf. It looks great. I do think that you should of made Lapras more over to the right so we can get the full flipper. If you know what I'm talking about. Also, I would like to know why you made him sleeping? I'm just curious. Also, you could of maybe of taking the pic at a better angle. I think that would help a little as well. Other than that, I really like it. Mainly the detail. Mainly on it's back. Great job!|
When you first said that you were drawing doodles for this role play i seriously thought that it was just going to be a few sketches and that's it. When you finally told us you were done with it and posted it here you literally blew mine, and Rairo's minds with your drawing of absolute awesomeness. Owo you draw a hell of a lot better than me and i'm very very jealous of you ewe Anyways i believe i should wrap this up about now and say great job SonicSketch! I only have 7 words left! I have 3 words left!|
This comic is overall very nicely done! I really love the manga influence and the crosshatch shading. To me, it seems that this comis needs some more love (and comments). About this page in particulair. I love your way of drawing eyes, but overall you might want to add some more thickness to you lines here and there, now the characters are rather flat. The 'shock' panel is throwing me off a little. I can't determine where her shoulder is and overall it look a bit.. weird. I love the design of the female Plasma member and adding the boy (which you never introduced) suggests some interesting plot development. Some more overall tips on this comic: It would be nice if you took some time to introduce the characters. The boy plays an important part, but is not introduced. Also all the other kids in the camp are not more then shadows, which is a shame. Next to this, I'm still not sure if I'm supposed to read the comic left to right, or right to left. About my rathes: Visually I find this comic very appealing, as mentioned before I love the style. I think it's original and plausible to let someone start their Pokémon experience in a summercamp. Even protective parents could not protest against letting their daughter meet Pokémon in such a protective enviroment. I think your techniques in using background, effects and shadows are very good. The impact is a little less, mostly due to the points I mentioned earlier (lack of introduction, confused about reading direction). I look forward to more updates!|
Well, depending on what you're going for--Idk. because your style is a little surreal so...I guess move the eyes up a bit and add whiskers?? And maybe fix the length of the paw on the left, it looks slightly longer then the leg on the left. and also suggest that you make the colors slightly lighter-- for the lines are just a little hard to see. I can't fit enough for the minimum so have some random things meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow|
You're work is awesome! It makes me laugh. I've shown your art to all of my friends cause I love it so much! Please don't stop drawing! I love your stories and your art. BEN and Jeff look absolutely adorable! I think I posted a comment for one of your ask things... i think. If I haven't then I will! I'd love to ask Jeff something. Anywho, my point is, don't stop! Please don't stop! I'd be so sad if you stopped your art! Me and my friends love your art and want to keep reading. Keep making your art!|
Vision: Really nice colours chosen so the character can be easy to recognize. The mark on the rear isn't really visible causing it to not be seen at first sight unless looked at very closely. I recommend trying to make it stand out even more I love how you did the rain, it is really nice. Originality: Character hasn't been created from you, but the pose is really well done. Technique: I recommend that you include more variety of line weight (Size of lines) to make it stand out even more. Impact: Background suits the pony's expression and you really captured the scene perfectly. Well done!|
I'm a fan of this. It's a really nice, pleasant drawing to look at. For some reason, it reminds me of those really old paintings from back in the day (~1700-1850 era). Perhaps it's the style in which this is painting was drawn. I can't think of the blessed name for this style, but it reminds me of this particular style. Speaking of your style, it's the main reason I love this drawing. Like I mentioned just a second ago, it's just... pleasant. It's nice to look at, especially when you're constantly drawing dark, edgy, and rough images like I am. It's a good relaxant, without those nasty addictions and all that... speaking of pleasant, the background just adds to that calmness aura the painting gives off. It's almost abstract-looking, which is good because it forces your attention on Erza, who looks ready to pounce at any second. With that, I feel I must mention one or two things. That right hand. It looks kinda goofy... if her hand is at that angle, her right blade oughta be pointed downward a bit. Otherwise, her wrist should be bent to the left a good degree in order for Erza to be holdin' that sword at that upward angle. Also her breast kinda has a lump down there... not sure if it's possible to fix digital paintings that are essentially finished, I don't paint, therefore I've no idea if it's able to be done. If not, it's not too bad. Everything else about Erza is great though. That face, those eyes, that hair physics, that pose, dat weight distribution (something I'm tryin' to get right even in my OWN artwork right now <__>). All pluses! This gets my approval. Lovely work! This gets favorited. ^__^|
è la mia prima critica quindi sarò breve. non è vero che non fai scketch decenti, perchè questo per me è bellissimo. Di tutti quelli che ho visto, questo sicuramente non è brutto! Poi mi piace un sacco come hai fatto i punti luce. gli occhi sono fantastici e anche l'espressione lo è. Il vestito è carino, mi piacciono soprattutto le maniche e il corpetto. lo sfondo notturno poi, bellissimo!!!!!!! in breve questo disegno è F A N T A S T I C O ! ! ! ! ! ! spero che tu continuerai a migliorare.... te lo dice una tua amica che ci sta provando... e quell'amica ti vuole bene, tanto bene. detto questo concludo.|
I'm glad you made your own tattoo because so it has a personal story and a personal reason therefore the draw will give your emotions to the "watchers" . I found the technique perfect, you made a very good job with the shadow and the depth of the skulls. The colours technique is amazing, when I saw the image I confused it for a simple heart then I suddenly focused the skulls and I was speechless, it has a big impact. The fact that the skulls are two different flag make me think that this relationship was between an American and a British but maybe it's only my imagination..|
SHES SO ADORABLE! JOB WELL DONE CHEY! She's just perfect. It's easy to say you put a lot of work into this. There's so many things I want to say but she's just so well done I don't even know what to say: thes shading is minimal but it adds nice character, the different colors you used for the mane and tail are astounding Andover expression is just.... I'm sorry if this isn't what you were expecting of a critique, but it's just so good. I rather envy your style now. And if I look closely, it actually looks like she's blushing around the nose. Which that's really cute. Hope this is good my friend.|
I think that this picture is really good and funny. Mario comes up out of nowhere looking like a stalker and saying random crap. Chip is looking like he's about 2 piss himself of fear, so he's scared, the Werehog sonic jumps up and says , RUN CHIP BEFORE I KILL AGAIN!!!!! I love it and I think that its cute ad so random and the drawing is 5 stars, vision: 5 stars, originality: 5 stars, Technique: 5 stars and last but not least Impact: 5 stars. So magic mouflon you have done it again and I hope to see more drawings soon. Ferbfletcher1234 ^3^|
Oh my god, the moment I saw this in my dA Messages, I went, "WHEN THE CRAP DID I WATCH SUCH AN AWESOME ARTIST? >:I" And honestly, I don't think I was lying. The shading is awesome, how you made the shading go around the scales in certain places. The wings are BEAUTIFUL. The head has just enough detail to not look cluttered but still look amazing. And those trees in the background.... O.O However, I did notice the dragon's feet are larger then it's head. Not sure if that was intended, due to the wyvern-esk feeling this dragon gives off, but it did bother me a bit. Also, shading is beautiful, but honestly I can't tell where the light source is. Honestly, I don't feel I should be saying anything negative being as how my art is poop compared to this, but I felt like sharing my opinions. Hope this helps you in the long-run.~|
I really love this picture. Is nice and unique because you have a sense of style. That little puffy creature is SOOOOO CUTE! I can almost just hug it. Those purple eyes are very good. Their stars glitter in sparkles. Star Princesses's crown is beautiful. And her details on the bottom of the dress. ZMajoZDraws, You are just one of a kind person! So I think it is beautiful, although I give the Originality 4 and a half stars, same thing to the Impact. I hope some people think this art is fair enough! Good luck and have a good day.|
The dirty slums of sun city in my mind evoke visions of both tattered cyberpunk Mumbai, as well as the Romani flooded streets of wwi Europe it encapsulated dark beauty and disgust in so few aword w week without depriving them of anything really. Shesh, gives both a clear sense of the artists underlying themes while staying distant enough to be easily relatable, much as is the story a brilliant quality in that it enthralls the reader without giving much conflict. ( TO BE READ IN BENE CIO DEL TOROS FRANKY FOUR FINGERS VOICE) all in all a very beautiful stow-wy.|
A very well done drawing. I especially like the space and the landscape. The drawing is very good, I don't notice any weird quirks or errors that would make me think other wise. The only thing I could say was that the front garden where the girl is standing it is a little blurry but that doesn't change the vision. 5/5 For originality... Yes the sort of "fantasy" theme is original but who hasn't heard about a story of a person leaving there town and looking back on it as they are about it leave. It's sort of cliched. 3/5 For technique. The program was used very well (at least from what I know I have never used it) and I can say that it was probably used to advantage. 5/5 For impact... I could see it may impact people that can relate to this, it doesn't to me, but it could to other people. People can relate to their memory of leaving their hometown and looking back on it and remembering it. Though, the girl really is just standing and isn't really doing any actions that would make the person more able to relate to the character. But, as I said I can't relate to this and maybe thats what people do. 4.5/5|
Love this peace, she has always been one of my favorite characters and you nailed her I love her normal uniform but I love this outfit even more. Glade you did it not much fan art of her out there. I'll be following your work kinda wish my skioos was at this level. I been starting to draw again and she is on a long list of characters I wanna do fan art for since outlaw star was one of the very first shows I started on, Hope you do more from outlaw I remembered a few side characters the look pretty beautiful. Thumbs way up|
This is gotta be the most outrageously funniest thing I've seen on dA so far. Jeff didn't want his paper being stolen so he got Smile Dog to be there. Mind you this art is actually worthy to used as a prank as well excluding those who has toilets in front of the stairs if not then go it! I must say though Mr AD, why would Smile dog spend his time guarding Jeff's toilet paper in a bathroom that is probably smelling of shit and hasn't been cleaned in decades? Still this would count as a hilariously scary prank.|
This. Is. INCREDIBLE! Right off the bat, WHO WOULDN'T WANT TO GO SEE THIS THING! It feels like a real movie poster for an AWESOME movie! The colors are perfect. I'm always scanning it from the top first and down to the bottom, which is what many advertisers are going for (good job). And the Photoshop was so good, I didn't look twice until you mentioned the snake. My sister and I are honored to have you draw this piece of artwork for us. It's as though our imaginations have come to life. Thankyou from the bottom of our hearts!|
Alright , this is overall a great result ! I do get the Kha'Zix hype and the sea creature theme is really interesting . I absolutely love the contrast of the colors you chose to use . The brushes you used did great to give the shell 'like' texture . I like the background as well , cause it helps focus on the model a bit more . I find interesting the choice of anemones for the base of his wings . The lobster claws fit perfectly with his kit . The one thing I don't quite get , since this is a sea creature theme , are the legs . I feel more of a mechanic vibe and I think they lack some variety in terms of coloring . The proportions are great though since Kha needs strong and big legs to make the powerful Leap (Skill from the game) . So basically that's all ! Keep it up|
la version final de esta imagen esta sin duda genial, es realmente original el trabajo que realizaste en todos los aspectos, hasta el mas minimo de los detalles esta bien cuidado, el matiz en cada una de las escalas de los coroles sin duda dan un realismo sinigual a la imagen. Los efectos de sombreado a lo largo de la imagen des el suelo hasta las paredes estan bien diseñado como se tratara de una imagen real. Y esta de mas mencionar que el dragon da esa sensacion de poder y de fuerzas misticas que destaca a los mejores dragones. Los ojos de el reflejan esa sensacion que no se puede describir pero que se sabe que es espectacular. cada vez que veo tu arte no solo me inspiro sino que tambien te admiro por el don que posees, y que nadie pero nadie te diga lo contrario.|
I really liked this, but I do think that it should be facing front than to the side if you understand what I mean. It is just heard to see it well because of that. I'm sorry. Well other than that, great shot. I really think that mammatus clouds are cool, even though I barely know them really well because I have not studied them in school. Have you? I think that out of the two that you did, this one is the most in detail. Very good. Well done. Also, do you remember where you took this one? I would like to know. I do remember you saying about on you way out of South Dakota, but I forget. Great job!|
I'd like to start off with saying the first thing I noticed about this piece was Luna's limbs. They seem to be a bit symmetrical to one another, a bit too symmetrical, I believe you've just flipped the limbs and pasted them onto the body, yet even though the coloring and shading is able to make this method look quite nicely. You should always take the time to try and draw the limbs separately, since limbs are not perfectly symmetrical at different angles, I do believe drawing each of them separately will make the image turn out a lot better visual wise. Second, the shading around her shoulders on the bunny suit could do with a bit more detail, you should start with a dab, and then smear it into smaller streaks which will eventually fade out going down her arms, I say this because, since the shading is overlapping her arms, it would turn out better to always start the shade in one large dab, which eventually thins out until it is not longer visible across the object. Speaking of shading, I'm going go out and tell you that it's simply outstanding, the highlights match with the surface perfectly, and you've done quite well with mixing hard highlights into dark shadows. Her mane transparency fits quite nicely, and I think the most proud moment of this shading is around the head and the bunny hat. My advice would be to put some more time and focus on the limbs, try making them less symmetrical to add better perspective, and to also add more effect on shading the smaller parts.|
Very cute work. The pose is nice and the anatomy is fairly good. Though there are a few things I did't really enjoy such that the eyes are showing through the hair. I never really liked this technique when used by other artists and think it comes off as slightly lazy/childish. It can be pulled off nicely in some cases but I wouldn't recommend this technique to many artists. The background palette works well with the character and feel of the image. The watermelons perspective lacks much depth, I would suggest trying to draw it in a more 3D perspective, with the edge slight showing. I can't really explain it but think of the item in a 3d plain and how it would work in the real world (Example img1.etsystatic.com/007/0/5126… The hair is pretty nice and slightly reminds me of Princess Celestia's mane with the sparkles and shading. I am not too sure about the shading in the image. Try thinking of where the light is coming from and cast shading and shadows based on that as opposed to shading placed randomly around almost everything. A method I use is to have a flashlight and a plushie/toy and see how the it looks with light pointing at it from specific angles. My final critique is that, The image is executed well with a few minor flaws. I see a lot of potential for your future art. But remember there is ALWAYS room for improvement no matter if you are professional or a hobbyist/student.|
WONDERFUL!! Simply amazing this is a great story there's so much originality in this I can't even begin to say how much imagination it must have taken to create this entire thing! Oh and it's getting better and better I'm so excited! I can hardly stand it! The Vision is stunning as well! technique is awesome as usual! And the impact of brother love is so AWESOME it makes me crave more the three hedgehogs Sliver,Sonic and shadow remind me of a seekers Trine bond!!! It pure fun, and funny and dramatic at the same time! With the right amount of flare oh I hope LiyuConberma keeps going cause this is getting to good!! (Also if you ant to know what a trine bond is just ask me)|
this is awesome! i reaaallly like this . it has just the smallest flaws. the eye and brow seem to artificial . as if she was wearing makeup . the pup seems to have poor shadowing . and the mother , too much shadowing under her neck . everything is amazing , you just need to work on the shadowing . everything else is absolutely marvelous . i love how she's giving the pup a dirty look as if trying to say 'behave your self' and the pup has the most well done 'uhuh, sure' face . this art shows a lot of emotion . i love, i adore the facial expressions . especially the details and background , like how the mother has the necklace and how they both have scaring and those natural colors . this is amazing, keep up the awesome work . im a big fan of your artwork (:|
Oh my... The depth of this picture... THE FEELS! Anyways let's talk about this beautiful artwork. The vision of finding a way is very powerful and a moving picture. This artwork of epic proportions is very original ^u^ once again I know I have said this a lot... But I am just in love of your techniques with this picture, purely amazing... I just love the impact of this picture, its like a speeding tru- ;_; I'm gonna stop there... ;_; OK.. Back on topic, anyways.. This is another one of your great works! Keep up the awesome job lynxeh! Keep up your amazing artwork! Your *Amazing* friend *lols* Storm the Cat|
One of the reasons I love this story so much is that it gives an accurate portrayal of how people will react in these kind of situations. When we get wound up, we don't remember alot of things that could potential diffuse a situation or avoid it entirely. We are going on instinct and emotion and that sometimes makes a mess that even Heracles would hesitate to take on. All it takes to set things to ruin is one missed chance or little miscommunication. But also true is that when we are committed to the right path, no matter the obstacles, we will keep going and let nothing stop us. It is best illustrated in the dichotomy of Tali and Ash, one who refused to give up, and the other who refused to do more than what was convenient until she lost it.|
As a fan of the Final Fantasy series this Black Mage certainly reminds me of good moments as to when I'd call upon him/her to blast my foes with a burst of magic in which can certainly end them in a mere second. The detail is quite nice and just looking at the young mage playing with the chocobo is just adoring really. Just this critique alone is the impact of what the picture has given me and I'm glad to have given a brief moment of my time to critique it. Good splashes of color brings a bit of clarity, no spark just a calm moment which is a nice touch I would have to say. In the end nice work, keep up the hard work.|
I'm not sure if you used pony creator or not, but you did an excellent job in making it look like you did. I really respect people who can recreate robot styles like that. The setting is really appropriate too. A pegasus among the clouds; a real classic. Can't go wrong with it. And might I say, what a stunning character! Her red and white hair brings up memories of barber shops in small English villages, and her green eyes really stand out. The lack of cutie mark makes her mysterious too, but not threatening. I really enjoy the pose too. You certainly have a perfect grasp of what is needed to make a pony appear natural while stood upright at an exact profile angle. I don't see any way you could improve on his wonderfully generic masterpiece.|
The overall composition is done nicely with the silhouette being very sharp and clear. Every detail can clearly be seen and anybody who is a Bleach fan would take one glance at this and pinpoint exactly who it is. On the Positive Side: It's a very nice contrast of colors. It really makes the bottom half of the silhouette pop out more. The stance of the Arrancar is very fierce and is made to look like he could slash out at the viewer at any moment. On the Negative Side: While the color is very nice and making him pop out, I think it should be a darker shade of emerald. After all, his colors are black, white, and dark green. If you would do that, it would make this image a lot more stunning and tie things together. The background within the upper half of the silhouette also seems a bit off-putting, making the foreboding character more "kawaii-desu-desu" type of thing, but that's just me. It would be much preferred if it were a solid color. Other than those things, great work once again!|
Hey there, I'm Aerode and I'll be writing a critique for your short story. What I see here has potential, but needs definite improvement. The very first thing I noticed is the story's odd style of writing. Fleshing out appears in arbitrary spots in the story where it's not needed, and there's a noticeable lack of description in barren spots. I suggest adding more description in places like this: "I suddenly felt a burst of pain in my neck as the wheel was jerked from my hands and the car toppled through the air." I, as the reader, would love to read more about the actual accident. Instead, I feel bare and a bit confused. What exactly happened to the car? Did it ram into another one, or was there a freak accident? Or something else entirely? There's also a surplus of unnecessary dialogue tags: ""Whatever," I scoffed, "we are already halfway there anyway."" "She said raggedly, "She's gone." Excess dialogue tags obstruct with reading. We can infer that Savannah was irritated, that the mother was emotionally torn. Another thing I'd like to point out is the degree of realism in the story. Now, as a critic, I've no right to alter your writing technique, but I'd like to offer my opinion. Quite frankly, I found the characters unrealistic. To me, the story seemed too fantastic; i.e. Savannah wakes up after a year in a coma and the mother, after alerting the dad, asks her if she'd like a Skittle? If I were one of the parents, I'd have likely crushed Savannah in a hug or burst into sobs. Noting the previous point, I suggest removing or rearranging the part where Lily says, "Skittles" as the car flipped through the air. That part seemed place just to add token effect in the end. The story could flow perfectly well without it. These are just my two cents; feel free to take/leave what you will. The story was interesting enough and kept me reading for a while. I hope this leaves food for thought!|
Okay so this is my first critique and I decided to do it on this masterpiece. Her design is simply gorgeous, everything looks perfect on her expect I don't agree with the dress to be too short but anyway it's gorgeous no matter why it is short. Her expression is just sweet, cute, just as my Helena. Hair is shiny, beautiful, perfect, it fits her in this transformation. I just love how you did it. You really did a great and original design no matter that you are inspired of Bloom's Enchantix but it's her sister, so it really looks perfect on my Helena. I am impressed how powerful exactly she looks, I am amazed, and that's why I am writing this, to prove that I adore this masterpiece. Everything fits her, execpt that tiny mistake that the dress appears kinda shorter but I am trying to be honest. Everything else I really adore and I think you are an amazing artist! Keep up a good work like this!|
Wow this is really amazing. Shadow and Maria look absolutely lovely here, the dress Maria is wearing fits perfectly for this theme and Shadow looks handsome in his outfit. The pose is beautiful as well, you can definitely tell they are dancing. The shading is amazing, it is really detailed and the lighting fits perfectly not to dark and not to bright it is really well done . The background is really good I love the trees and the bushes they look so comforting and fall like. You put a lot of thought and time into this and it turned out extraordinary, and I love the sun rays and how they shine down on them. You can feel so much love, warmth in joy in this and it makes me feel happy. This is a well done piece of art and I hope it gets all the attention it deserves. A couple things that I have found wrong with this is that Maria's arm looks like it has an extra joint in it. The shading on shadow's fluff could be softened up a bit. Also the glassy part on the leaves could have been done with out. It looks kind of weird in my opinion . Either way this is an extraordinary piece of art and I look forward to more .|
This guide is a very good way of expressing your ideas in a visual and easily- understood way, though many others have done a tutorial laid out like this. The letterings in the side boxes are sometimes very hard to read, as light blue and white do not show up well against each other. I would suggest a more contrasting colour like dark grey on light blue. Overall, it is a very well done guide and it is very detailed and aesthetically pleasing. It could be improved by changing the colour scheme of the words to a much darker colour.|
Wow! What a cool picture! Such dramatic colors! I love the black blacks down on the sand and how they come back again at the horizon line. Very cool. The clouds are a nice line too and I like that they brake up a little right above the sun. The only thing I would change is that I would take a little off the top. This may just be personal preference but I love the weight that comes from the black on the bottom and there is just a little too much sky for my liking. It distracts from the interesting line were the water meets the sand. I’d have just taken a little off the top and added it too the bottom. Very nice photo though! What a beautiful scene! :]|
First critique. The vision is perfect. I love how you did the glowing eyes, not to bright but not to dim. And the expression on Rainbow is perfect. And don't forget how you hit the lighting spot on. For originality its a full five stars. I haven't seen an image like this ever on Deviantart, or anywhere to be exact. Not even stories like this on Fimfiction. For technique I'm only giving 4.5 stars because I feel the wings could use some more work. They sorta look flat. Maybe make a few feathers bend the other way or something to show the viewer they aren't flat? It just looks a bit off. Everything else is perfect. And the impact is perfect. You hit creepiness perfectly. The living skeletons, the dark creepy room, its all perfect. You can just feel the creepiness by staring at it. That's it. Hope it wasn't too bad. :3|
This really speaks to me. The shapes and muted feel make me want to think longer about everything. I think using a dash of a muted color, like the color has gone dead, in one of the shapes, or maybe even in the chest area, would real make this even more interesting. This is beautiful nonetheless. You are a very talented artist, and I cheer you on from afar. I look forward to seeing more of your work soon, this piece really made me happy. This peice is too deep for me to put into 100 words, i could put it only into a 100 feels.|
ITs very nice I love how you drew it! I also love the effects it has like the great shadowing around the killer!! I also like how the broken heart was drawn with two different colors but it draws the picture together! And the anatomy is also very well done and The hair is amazing i love how it sticks out like the heart . but my favorite part is the hand and the bullet i mean its such a small but beautiful detail . All together its a beautiful peace of art and you should keep up the great work!!|
Okay, where do I begin? *The critique will be done backwards, as I always do. ~~IMPACT     This picture. It changed my life. The secrets imbued in this masterpiece and what it reflects is so life changing and beautiful cannot simply be expressed. I will truly try, though; It shows us that there are hardships to be overcome, rejection you have to face, and the blankness and quietness of life as well as the havoc. But what pulls it all together is that smile; that smile, which tells us all that no matter what hardship you must endure, there is hope. And you've got to pull through it. You've gotta go through it. IMPACT = 10 / 5 ~~TECHNIQUE     The way you pulled this piece together was brilliant. Every stroke is perfect and in place, the facial expression is flawless and looks so true to life, and the pose you've chosen works so well. The focus is perfect, the medium you've chosen to represent it is amazing, and my favorite part is the background. You can't deny it. This is an amazing piece of art. TECHNIQUE = 10 / 5 ~~ORIGINALITY     I've never seen anything like it! Although we've heard the message over and over, you've recreated it and made it pure beauty! And such a powerful message at that! What you've chosen to represent the piece is also wonderful. You've surprised my greatly! Don't run out of ideas! ORIGINALITY = 9.9 / 5 ~~VISION     Like I've mentioned before, this is amazing! The message it's sending out to all of us is just perfect and well expressed! It's theme and what it attempts to depict is gorgeous and gives us warmth in our hearts! You are a heartmender, my dear artist, and I envision that you're simply the greatest there is. VISION = 10 / 5 FINAL SCORE = 0 / 20 This is complete and utter sh**. ~~Mango Dolphin|
I think that you did a great job with this. Very great job. Very great. I do see that at the bottom of the moth that it is a little blurry. I was just going to point that out so you know. Other than that, I really like this one a lot. I like how it wan't so blurry that we couldn't see the main object at all. That is great. I also liked how you got it without moving. You must of walked up to it and took it before it could fly away. Great job on this one!|
O my freaking lands... I am seriously trying to come up with the words to describe how epic it is~ Pros: She doesn't have an extremely complicated design, and while it is a little strange in color, it's not overly odd. You did a wonderful job portraying her, and your skills overall are definitely improving. Great job! Cons: Honestly, the only thing you need to work on is your style. Make it yours, make it personal. Create a style that is unique to everyone. And even that is simply a matter of practice. Now I have a couple words left, so... Nom nom~|
I think that this is a great SKETCH. However I do not like the lightning on the person's clothes. I think it should be a bit softer at some points and a bit more strict at some points. I like the simplicity on the design of the clothes. Works perfectly and creates contrast with the blue effect on his hand. I believe that those are gloves and a mask (the black parts)? I think that you shouldn't cover his hands but instead make them bare. The other hand is pretty dark so I'd make it a bit brighter as well.|
(My first critique) I myself, being a fan of all things hero and villain, absolutely love this piece. It immediately echoes all the themes of a good comic book character. What I really loved though Is how you combined the scruffy, sketchy elements of the character him/herself with the finished look of their powers surging through their hand. This, in my opinion is what makes this piece very original. The technique, well.....it seems fairly basic but simple ideas are the best. Impact - obviously amazing I can already see a dark back story for this character it shouts "story rich" at me. What it really does remind of is O-Ren Ishii's back story from Kill Bill Vol. 1 (although that was animated) and that is one of the greatest animations I have ever seen . This could really be improved with a background and I think if you worked more on this it could become something greater|
The moment I saw this in my news feed, left me chills while recovering from the ranked matches from yesterday. The predator hunting for prey, that smile of desire in his eyes really shocks you into noticing his presence. I can certainly say this is just remarkable to look at, the detail put on Kha Zix himself sifting through the fields of justice at remarkable speed really puts a thought on what we should do against such a champion. Despite his nerfs he is still a monster if you let him prey upon you. Aside from my remarks, the splash art is great and while we can say it's original for Kha'Zix it is certainly put to be with Deep Terror Thresh as we obviously know, however adding the emphasize on his claws, face, wings really brings out his whole kit in which I appreciate. The technique used is great I mean the surrounding background shows Kha'Zix in action and on the hunt to find new prey to feast upon in which sets his lore well enough. The Impact is just overwhelming enough as it is for even myself. The Vision was already explained in my first paragraph. In the end, this was very well done and I look forward to seeing more work from this artist.|
The shading looks amazing! Very realistic in a way. The originality of the character=5 stars. Love how dog, winged created and furiness adds together. I really like the things under the wings, make him look fancy. His slim body does too! The markings are realistic and original which is great. The way the fur is drawn is nice and the shading in the hair also! Looks like a very challenging character to do!! The face is stunning! He shows his own personality in his grin. The eye pops out which is very nice too! Congrats on him! Very nice! I love him! Lucky|
it looks great! but,one eye looks bigger than the other. the tail needs to be bigger too. the cutie mark is a bit to large. nose could be not so sharp the wing is a little to small i am not trying to be mean! you could also shade parts of it that would look cool! other than that it looks fine,i'm not trying to be mean,also flutters eyes are green. but this is a good fluttershy just needs a little more perfection!errr i have nothing else to say......... ok keep trying to get better!CRAP IT STILL WANTS WORD'S FROM ME!!!!!!k bye!|
To start with, I would like to say very nice work - you have managed to capture a wonderful shot of a tiger on the move, whilst still keeping an interesting photo composition. There are very few faults in this image, and they all come down to time and place, so you are not at fault. For example, some more interesting lighting would have been nice, though you obviously had no control over that as this was taken at a zoo the the time of day probably didn't allow it. There is also some fabulous contrast in this piece, the white and black clouring of the tiger matches well the the pale rocks and dark waters, plus the little bits of grass add even more contrast to this photograph. All together this is a terrific shot I believe you should be very happy with, so well done!|
I think you did a great job on this one. It looks great. I do want to tell you that you could of lightened Sewaddle because he/she isn't so dark. img.pokemondb.net/artwork/sewa… I hope I'm not being to picky about that. Sorry if I am. Other than that, I really like this one. I like that you had nice even strokes on both the Night Fury and Sewaddle. Also, nice background colors as well. What I like most about what you did here is the detail you put into this. I like when an artist has great amount of detail. That is how you see how important drawing is to that person. By seeing the detail you put into this, I think that drawing is really important to you. Great job!|
It's not really black and white, is it? I can see that the door in the background has a bit of sepia color in it, and I'm wondering why that is. Like, why the door? I guess the character is looking away from the door. Hmm. It's a puzzle. There's no way I'm going to find an answer to that, so I guess I'll drop it. I do have a criticism about the hair. On the right side (my right, his left), it looks like the hair is a bit washed out. There is a bit of sepia in it. It's distracting, and I wish that wasn't there. One thing that impresses me about this is that it's a portrait of a guy. That's unusual in Deviant Art. But I like the expression on his face. I like the pose. He look like someone who has youth, strength, health, and intelligence, but needs a purpose: some way to apply all that to something useful. That's too common in the world. I'm glad that you didn't retouch some of the details, like the spots on his arm and shoulder, and the dirt on the wall behind him. Overall, I think this is very impressive. Good work!|
The body looks bad,hooves look like big green worms. Face,head,neck looks pretty OK. But the body looks awful.Lines are ok. Colors.....men.So you need to really work on you drawing more. And I don't think that pony likes how it looks.On top of that his or her hair looks like broken off plank.Eyes have absolutely no color or life in them. The background looks horrible and blurry,on the one side there is grass or rock field,and on the next side it looks like a freaking lava pool.And the thing is that ponies don't have elbows,so how in the world did she bent her legs like that? Overall...horrible,for a pony.|
This image is amazingly done and it's a beautiful mixture of the blues and pinks. The expressions on the people are spot-on and awestruck, almost immediately pulling the viewer into the scene. On the Positive Side: Great work with rounding off the horizon and making it appear like it is a completely other world. The colors and the glowing mobiles make this image overall mystifying. On the negative side, the light coming from the box should be toned down just a tad to make things a bit clearer. Indeed it is bright, but please don't make it TOO bright to almost overwhelm the viewer. Great job and keep doing what you're doing! Your work is amazing!|
I positively love this image. It is high quality and the vision is perfect. The blur to the background contrasts with the models vibrant dress and makes her stand out. It is quite impressive the how she seems to be emerging from tendrils of fog. This picture looks as if it belongs in vogue. Honestly I think this could work perfectly in any fashion magazine, it edgy and captivating. Her expression is hypnotic, you wonder what she is gazing upon The bird perched upon her shoulder adds a macabre feel. And her makeup it looks as if her lips are stained with blood. Its beautiful, this is beauty personified, with elements of horror. This image is wondrous and intriguing excellent portrait.|
This picture is quite stunning, it captures that moment on the train beautifully without any motion blur at all. There isn't much to change in this one as it is simple, but nice. I personally would probably taken the shot from further out the window, so instead of the viewer being within the train, they would have been watching it pass, though you would of had to shove you arms out of the train for that one, which probably isn't a good idea. The only other thing I can possibly think of is the probably process and edit your photo a little more. This isn't entirely necessary, but I believe this particular photo would look nice through a tint/filter. Despite these things though, you have taken a wonderful and inventive shot. Excellent work!|
as soon as you look at this picture it hits you hard with energy, the entire image is puling with it. the blending of color works beautifully with the lighting and background. while i will say that the leg proportion confused me at first the immense detail of the picture distracts you from it mostly, though to me it seems that one leg papers to be larger than the other around the thigh area, but i easily over look this as i might just be a tad nitpicky but the rest of the image is mapped out perfectly. over all i would label this as another worthwhile beautiful image in deviant arts treasure chest of amazing work.|
Excellent color choice. The peach and pink background compliments the character's outfit smoothly. I love that the name title is in 3D, black and bold, although you didn't let it dominate the picture. Also, The art work illustrates a clear understanding of lighting, shading, position and, more impressively, structure. I especially love the hair. However, in my opinion, the face would look a little more graphic with more shading. But if the more simple looking style was the goal, then everything is perfect. Even though this character is not originally yours, you truly made it your own by the many small details. Not only does the image compliment the male body, A TON, but I feel the strength and boldness of the character's personality shine. This is a powerful art piece, very creative, and now I adore Gambit! By the way I did notice the faded "X" for X-men in the background, nice touch.|
I love photography. For me it's like capturing an echo of a moment in time and as time passes, ( Pause for effect! ), that moment is lost. I also believe that anybody can take a picture but not everyone can be a photographer. Now here's the RUB! This piece is a photo manipulation. That means this moment in time has been visually altered to suit the needs of the Artist. This action now leaves the viewer wiggle room to perceive this moment as cheated or enhanced. Now I'm no photographer so I rely heavily on photo manipulation. I find it to be a useful tool to bring a picture to life but it can also be overly done if one's not mindful of the manipulation. In this process an Artist's focus can get fuzzy or askew while in the depths of this procedure. Through the course of this event the Artist has to push away from the work. A ( get your mind off it ) approach is needed so you can get back to it with a fresh pair of eyes. It's a balancing act to see how manipulation transforms your piece. Done correctly, make it. Incorrectly, break it! Now let's get into the meat and potatoes of this piece. ( Sweeeet! My favorite part! ) Ms. beequeendesign's ( Countess ) is dark and seductively alluring Gemstone. Let's just say that if this seductress came to you in your sleep, well ( Pause for effect again! ), you'd wish to never awaken! The photo manipulation is perfect! One could fall deep into a trance from her golden gaze and men would wage War for this dark Temptress! She is the Embodiment of Cleopatra which bring out 8 distinctive qualities of this piece and for the utmost makes it stand out! Countess is a sleek fox with the aerodynamics of a high caliber bullet! Piercing your heart all the while making your soul long for her from beyond the grave. You'll forever be a slave to her whims and your whole being would ache from her absence. Their is no cure for this Betty! The diagnosis is terminal. Your heart, mind and soul NOW belongs to the Countess! ( Please keep in mind that this is my fourth critique but the impression of the piece rings true... ) I equate music to the art that I view. In the viewing of this piece the Song ( Super Telepathy ) from Papa Vegas popped into my head. This Femme Fatale would seem to have the ability to, ( Now This is ME Quoting the song ), "pour yourself into my mind" feel. ( If you listen to the song you'll get the meaning... ) I thought this tune fit the piece perfectly. ( Side note. ) Bare with me on the punctuation and the misspellings of the critique. I am no writer. I proof read the crap out of all my critique's and still manage to mess them up! Ha! Plus D.A. doesn't allow you to edit the critique after it's submitted. It also doesn't help that I do it all on my cellphone! O SNAP!|
This looks lovely as for the vision that you where going for! Things I like about it would be: - How the rain is coming down on an angle is perfect! The rain drops are also very well done. - The horses makeup is smudging off due to the fact that it is down pouring. - The clouds in the sky are very well done! Things to work on: The hair - Try to find your own style for painting realistic hair for ponies Their are many tutorials on deviantart for this. Take a browse. Grounding - The horse should not just have little tiny grass on its hooves. It should have a lot more or even none with you adding the shadow. Other than that, keep working to make amazingly awesome art! -Danielle Rain coming off the horse - Try to paint rain coming off the horse, like you did by the tail in the back. It would bring it to life more!|
First of all, I like how immediately anyone familiar with Family Guy can instantly recognize that this is Stewie, this shows that you knew what the main features were and was able to draw it. As for technique, I am able to see some sketched lines/construction lines, this shows that you understand the basics, I recommend that you practice with hand exercises, try to use your fingers/arm more to create smooth lines, try not to use your wrist too much as this can limited your line lengths. The facial expression has been done well as you didn't only just change the position of his eyebrows. Well done!|
This is really adorable, I admire the bold line weight used, it suits the alien. No name or species, yet this is great, I love how the eyes are so cute yet the claws look vicious. I would love to see more of this style, it seems interesting, but I would also like to see more colour variety to see how far you can go to get out of your comfort zone. The pose of the alien is not symmetrical causing the image to look even more interesting. Overall: Keep the good work up, I see potential! Very well done|
THE FEELS Really nice, I know you are trying to keep the colour light/or depends on brand. But try to keep mind of shadows, light source because this will really make your art stand out since it exists and may be distracting as you can tell that there's just a constant gentle tone. The expression on the character really tells a story and that is really nice As for next time I recommend that you use the majority of the canvas/paper or at least make use of it as this can be distracting. Overall? I SEE POTENTIAL well done, I hope this helped|
It's an interesting concept tied up together by the combined use of photographic dessaturation and hyper saturated tones in post-production. There's a nice balance to what's real and what's not, in a way that we second guess if any of it is "real" or if it's all a painting. Kudos for the location, makeup and wardrobe. The light tones all around mesh with the fair skins and help turning the photo into a(n almost literal) blank canvas to paint on in post production. The exception is the nail polish, which is the single photographic element in vivd colors. There's a little distortion on the color edges of the liquified circles, something that maybe should have been given more technical attention to, though. It's also worth noting that there's freshness in this series, since the current fashion is taking dark, saturated photographs to use with clear type. These ones go the other way around, being perfect to use with vibrant tones, something more often seen in web and software design. The way the models are arranged in the composition and their body posture seems to tell a story of heartbreak and unrequited love — specially since they all have their arms crossed in front of their bodies, a defensive posture. I particularly like how the lady is the only one trying to establish contact with the audience, albeit it's unfathomable if such is out of confidence or seeking help (I'd put my money on the latter). One thing, though: the sleeve tattoo seems out of place in this light environment.|
Bravo on your new artwork! I must say this one looks lovely!I like the shade of red you have chosen for specific places like her back and face and how well they go with the white color of the rest of the character's fur.Their fluffy coat is nicely presented with the multiple angles you have placed on each side of their face,the top of their head,their legs,chest and tail.The shading is quite right and proportionately the body is too. The little hairs on the tips of her ears give her a more free and wild look.That look may also be seen in the expression you have chosen for the character - playful, confident and has this " you don't own me" vibe to it. The pixel outline may bother certain people but not me and the shade of green used for the eyes makes a bit too much contrast with the warm red but again it only makes her/him look untamed and also this is not your character so your choice was more or less limited. Again,bravo and keep up the good work!|
The flower and the bee were captured perfectly. The back blurs out just enough so you don't just keep your attention on what's focused. If the flower in the bottom right corner were moved out of the way it would be a perfect photo. If I could make a suggesion, the next time you have an opportunity like this, you should turn your camera a little more to the left so you can see more of the bees body and not be completely centered either. It's still a wonderful picture ans the shade of purple-blue the flowers are is really pretty.|
Now this definitely looks like a cel from either of the Sailor Moon animes. (Are you drawing for the new Crystal series? TPTB seriously need to see this!) I am SO loving Sailor Neptune in all of her oceanic glory, beautifully framed with beads of seawater while totally ready to smack down any & all contenders! Lovely & deadly, with the grace of a lady & the focus of a warrior, that's what this image says to me. The details you have included in this work are very nicely done, especially the subtle highlights in her hair & that awesome choker she should have kept. Wonderful work!|
Its a smooth picture, pleasing to the eye, and the color pallete isnt hideous...in fact it seems to pull the image into a nice warm bundle of artistic-ness. The linework isn't messy and it looks very professional. Its an Original Idea. Not many people think of a cat/dog designed with a mer part or two. but ive seen some images with dogs/wolves/cats with mer parts of their bodies. the goggles gives it some personality and the style makes it original all together, but the mer idea...just kindve takes away from originality a bit. but the wings on it kind of cover up too, and give it even more personality. The style looks lovely,pleasing,and proffesional. The position doesnt look unnatural and its just great altogether. Nothing left to say~ thats it.|
In my opinion this story has an excellent story line. The author has masterfully taken the most climatic parts of the story and has melded them together to make a short, yet charming, plot line which follows the actions of Queen Elsa and Anna from the "Frozen" movie. It shows the dramatic scenes and twists them to make them slightly darker in connotation, yet it still carries the same flow as the original story. For example, Anna's confrontation with Elsa. This story emphasizes that part greatly and finds a way to twist the story, yet still blend it in with the original. The author even captures some of the essence of the original "Snow Queen" story that "Frozen" was originally adapted from. While many followers of the Disney film may have been unsettled by the character of Elsa in this story, it shows Elsa with the villainous character of the Snow Queen. The few concerns that I have are mostly related to the storyline since the authors greatest problem has already been addressed by other critiques. The storyline takes the greatest climactic moments of the film and changes them into a passive tone so it lacks the great emotion that viewers of the movie franchise enjoy. An example of this would be Hans' original motivation in his affection towards Anna. In the movie this very example is highly emphasized and draws out great emotion in viewers. The story dulls that greatly to the point where Hans' presence is merely a distraction to both the plot and the readers. I can still see that the author tried to compensate by the kiss towards the end of the story, but it does not attract the same attention as the movie. Overall, as I said, this story is great. I gave the vision of the story a 4 1/2 because you obviously wanted to stay as true to the storyline as you could while still adding your own individual touch to the plot. Originality I give a 3 because while the hypnosis thing is a fairly new take on the story, you have repeated many of the elements found in other hypnosis stories. Technique I will also give a 3 because, as previously stated, of the depreciation of certain plot points. I also give it a 3 because of the "blocks of text" that may cause a lack of flow to the viewers. Impact I will give a five because the author's climactic ending makes up for the lack of interest that may be brought about from the plain plot points that occur in the beginning of the work. Thank you for taking the time to write this story and I hope that you will continue doing works like this for the members of the deviantart community.|
My oh my. My oh my with cherry pie. Dis is bootyful. The vision is absolutely fantastic, especially the wings, hands, head, hair, and clothes folding. Which is, basically, the whole image. The oringinality is quite up there. I myself have drawn an angel, but if didn't come out this good. A gave a 4, because lots of people draw angels, but yours is very unique in its own way, because, it's has your twist on it. The technique is outstanding. From the sketch to the outline, it is flawless head-to-toe (or should I say, halo-to-toe). One thing I especially love is the profile of the head. I attempt the side-view profile view but fail miserably, as in, the jaw looks bulky. But this technique, is very beautiful. It shows it very well with the folds in the dress. The impact of this photo can inspire many people to be better artists, and draw better, like myself. The thing is, I can't really, since school is the fucking devilsh bitch. I'm sure that other people have their opinions, and they might say the picture impacted them differently. In conclusion, this picture is absolutely splendid, from halo-to-toe. From the vision to the impact, this picture truly captures the inner beauty and perfection of an angel. (Sorry if it's bad. Mah first critique)|
My opinion and my critique is this: As you see and I said before: I love it !! are very realistic as I said before, you spend with these drawings ... I run out of words to see the picture, it looks as if it were real !! Although second thought .. It is very original. I give it a 10! It is a good job. Never find someone to do a good drawing like yours XD So I hope you like much in this picture, I see that impress many people with those dragons .. I give many stars, hugs and much more. Fondly FinnaLuxeSussesTv|
First, I love the lighting. It's very even, & looks equal with all the things in the picture. To add to the wow effect, take a look at the backside of the trees that are to the back right of the horse. See how dark it is? I'd use that as a reference as to how dark to make the shadows, or parts away from the light source. Not too much darker, but a little. Second, the body prep looks good. Very simple, yet noticeable. The outline of the horse looks good, but avoid outlining the hoofs. Lower the brush opacity when doing the hoofs, or when the object you're lining is darker. Third, the eye could use some work, I don't see a pupil or any lighter areas. Fourth, the highlights in the tail start harshly & end harshly. Using a softer brush on a lower opacity will help to make it look more smooth. Gorgeous piece! Hope it helps!|
The colours used are visually appealing, try to get out of your comfort zone and experiment, use colours that you wouldn't normally use to make the character seem even more unique. The facial expression is really well done, I love how you not only showed his teeth but you also changed the position of his ears. Nice line work, a variety of line weight involved, I recommend to not use repetitive patterns (Grass) Try to randomize it a bit more, otherwise it will be too distracting. I like the grass' placement around the paws, this shows movement and speed. Well done!|
The textures really make this piece stand out. I can't really describe the texture, but it is very appealing to the eyes. The colors perfectly compliment each other: The turqoise/mint green/light blue (I'm not sure what shade it is ahaha /*shot*) works smoothly with the light gray. I also like the idea of a cat/mer-person with wings. It's so creative, different, and interesting! It's a strange combination, but it works! The goggles are the perfect finishing touch. To me, personally, it gives off a steam-punk kind of vibe, but even if others don't see it that way, it's still really cool. The sparkles are my favorite part though. Love them.|
The characters look really appealing, however it would be nice to see the blue character move even slightly and not just the purple one. The way the purple one comes in can be improved but I'm not sure what pro gramme you're using so I couldn't give specific advice, however I would love to see more work from you like this because it shows that you know what you are doing. The expression on the blue character's face really is great Well done, keep it up. Remember to try and improve the movement within the animation I hope I helped|
From Lamashtu(Mesopotamian Demon) to Dracula the vampire mythology has been with humanity for nearly all time. This artwork is just one more modern representation of that myth done in a beautiful and horrible way. From her ashen skin to the blood pouring from her lips screams the undead. But beyond her beauty, from her crimson hair to her gorgeous lips, is the horror reflected in her eyes of her victim's blood she stole in order to maintain her unlife; her existence. Yet despite all that she has a look of shock to her face and sucks on a lollipop to mask the metallic taste of blood. The Vision, Originality, Technique, and Impact of this artwork is simply flawless.|
Well, what can I say? I adore the style you drew her in. The lineart is clean and isn't at all messy or scruffy. The shading is absolutely beautiful and flows together very well; they're no shadows or highlights in the wrong places. You seem to have switched your shading around to a different style when doing the wings, and the style you used for them really stands out - in a good way, that is. My eyes are really drawn to them. Moving onto the cloud, it seems...okay. Not bad, but not utterly amazing either. I don't know if it's just me, but some of her flank doesn't really look like it's sitting on the cloud from the way the shadows were positioned, so it seems as if she's only got her legs on there. Overall, you drew her brilliantly and you've clearly worked hard on this! ^_^|
I think that the artist has poured a lot of hard work into this and I really like how they drew this in a comic book-like style. I personally think they have done their uttermost best with this glorious work of art. I also like the striking foreground and the perfect anatomical structure of Mega Lucario. I don't really have nothing else to say here, but have a nice day and keep being awesome. I think the artist had spent hours working on this and I hope they enjoyed drawing this majestic beauty and I also hope they love Pokemon as much as drawing. bye now!|
I really enjoy this Its dark and in my opinion some dark art has more emotion and passion, very nice. It gives a sense of depth and personally I think it looks bad ass, keep up the good work, I enjoy seeing your artwork on my message page it helps me open up to more creative styles and techniques even though I don't tend to finish what I've started. Troubled and passionate souls create the deepest and most jaw dropping peices of artwork, the splatter type backdrop is very imtune with what you are portraying and the "severed" head is magnificent|
not bad at all, Zaameen! the detail looks great, i think over all the butterflies, the flowers, and the windmill-ship lookin' thing makes it an awesome work of art! the character looks like it would fit in with characters like sonic, and various other animated characters in shows that involve creatures like this. as for the sky, it looks pretty close to realistic, by the way, i noticed your signature, is that a logo that signifies you as an artist? ( might be an obvious question though, sorry, hadn't had much to eat or drink today. aside from that it's awesome!|
It just doesn't look like it should fly, and that was the great thing about it. The plane itself is a sight, but when it's flying, that's a whole other level. It's hard to find photos like this, especially with the quality of this one. The reflection off the canopy and the wear and tear that is defined in this photo is immense. You can almost feel the G's that pilot was pulling, and the crowd's reaction below. You can see the slight input on the rudders/elevators, and the ailerons. All in one. Nice photo, great plane, and great timing.|
This has got to be one of the most interesting fanfictions I have ever read. Most people when they do the Renegade Shepard usually don't go beyond a certain line. Marko here dances along that line playing music on a violin made of bones and baby intestines. I also like the idea of Tali as Marko's Harley Quin, seems to fit the story pretty well. Definitely like the way Marko tears into Jacob, adds to the unpredictability of the character. Story itself is told very well with plenty of imagery and detail. Very easy to get sucked into the story and giggle along with Marko|
As an old fan of Harry Potter, this brings back great memories, and I absolutely adore Harry's cute face here! Your improvement from the old one is phenomenal! I really like his hair. Perhaps it's because of the detail you put into it, but you are definitely one of my favorite artists to look at hair. Perhaps it's because I have a hard time with hair that I like yours so much because of how good it is. xD You are very accurate in all the Harry details, including his green eyes, and his lightening bolt scar. I really enjoyed how you made Harry's Patronus be the light source, and how you showed that in the contrast of the background and on his robes. A few things I noticed and questioned ( As I'm not very familiar with chibi style ) is he supposed to have four fingers? Also are the shoes of chibis normally that squared? I feel like the shoes could look a bit more realistic if they were not so block-like. But then again this is chibi so maybe that's normal. Also did you mean to have the line separating the gold from the red in the top and not the bottom of the tie? Or perhaps the line on the top is not really separating the colors, just a crease. One other small detail I noticed, is Harry's neck looks a little too curved in the front I feel. The Patronus is a real beauty to look at! The only thing that might be easier next time, is the far ear I don't think has to be there. While it does not make it look bad, It's not a needed detail I feel. I think the Patronus would be just fine showing only the close ear, as that ear is pointed more backwards, and the far one points to the side a bit. The rest of the Patronus is utterly magnificent though! I really like its legs, and how realistic they look. There really is not much needed improvement or work needing to be done in the Patronus. Looking at this piece as a whole, I really love it! I must say, there are few things that need fixing or improving. The cropping is centered spot on, and the contrast is great! There is a lot, but it's not too much. The background may seem a little bland to some, but I think it works for this picture. It just sort of all looks similar in a way with how much black is in the background and on Harry. Loving this picture :3|
Bien, buen trabjo. Pero me parece un dragon corriente. Parece un dragon joven, sin experiencia, pero se le ve decidido. Los colores son debiles, estaria bien que pusieras colores que contrasten entre ellos. Tamben me hubiera gustado que el dragon estubiera usando algun poder. Las alas son magnificas pero como decia antes, carecen de colores llamativos. Parece un dragon comun, te felicito por tu trabajo, sigue así y experimenta con colores nuevos ! Mis criticas siempre son constructivas, siempre intento dar mi punto de vista. Muchas gracias por leer esto. Siento que no sea en inglés. Soy de España. Saludos desde Cataluña !|
If I had to write a critique for this piece (and I hope it will be well accepted and well written from my side ) I'd just say two things. First, I think that the illustration would benefit from some more field depth. E.g. the parts of the dragon you can see in the background should be a little less vivid, with a bit less contrast, as there were an atmospheric filter. This way, the figure would stand out more and the will-o-the-wisps would look brighter as well. My second - small - objection applies to the shadows beneath her. I think that you could apply some more darkness here and there, near to the points where she's actually resting her weight, so that the pose looks more natural, a little less "floating". Well, this is my first critique ever on DA. I hope I was of help. And of course I'm criticizing a piece which is awesome and far beyond my possibilities|
I think i go the charakters first: Poses are very good. also very good perspective. You did a great job on colouring and shading. ( But i think marias drees should be blue but i think you did it orange cause of the autuumn theme.) I like the sun light effect nicely done. The Background is amazing, i remember once you said:"When iam working on charakter desing, iam to lazy after it giving the BG detail,, But this time the Background is nicely done.The Brushes are very soft and very detailt. Keep this for the future. And that Singnature. Its the most impressive thing on the picture. (Kidding) But you messed up their hands. In your last Artwork i was impressed what an awesome job you did drawing the hands, but this time you where messed it a bit up. Buts its ok.......nohting will be ever perfect we all making fails in drawings. At all you its an amazing picutre. I cant wait to see Winter Season Theme. In love your CaptnColourman|
Awh, I love this. You have a skill in managing to tell stories in such a condensed word count. I adored this because it had me thinking that the person who proposed was so madly in love as to call his love an adventure. This might sound crazy, what I'm about say, but sometimes it can be easy to forget that couple are in love. Proposing can become something that is expected, but not necessarily wanted. For example, marrying someone for the only reason that they are pregnant with your child. It is nice to remind one and another that sometimes you are just so head over heels in love that marrying that person is the only adventure you want to take. Congratulations, by the way!|
I like it. Very much. Lots going on. Great shape to the pose. Love the tonal texture of the exposure. For me, as you ask for critique, one thing that might have improved on this lovely photograph is if the shot could have been taken closer in, tighter, so the pose and interaction filled the frame to bursting. Less of that neutral background and a visually more intense and absorbing representation of the very strong feelings evident in the shot. But perhaps that would lose some of the wonderful pose. Maybe a stronger background could complete the image better. Just some thoughts. But still a very enjoyable photograph. One that warrants much re-visiting and absorbing of the rich content.|
I like it, he's really cute. His hat reminds me of a muffin on a piece of construction paper. ^^ I can't do anything like this 'cause I suck so it's really impressive to me. I really like the coloring and his eyes are to die for. Now I will type random stuff so I can fill in the minimum word thingy. I ate a lot of watermelon today. Probably about 3/4th of it. Snappy made a delicious chilli for dinner. I helped, (not really.) Now I'm writing a critique for you. Um, I have three songs stuck in my head.|
So... This is my first critique... Mandatory changes (ex. Grammar): -nothing! Your grammar is flawless as far as I can tell Optional changes (ex. Plot) -it seems to move a bit fast. You could stretch this out unless your book covers a long timespan. -italics in thee ginning seems unnecessary -this sounds like it's been done before... It could be a bit more engaging. Things I liked: You have created a very emotionally powerful piece; whatever you do, don't loose that. I can't tell what the rest of the story will be about. That can be a major weakness. Your writing style is beautiful Overall, well done and keep on writing|
Well, when I saw the video on YouTube in my Subscriptions, I couldn't fit the picture anywhere. Yeah, yeah, another.. waait what? Making a MOC? In front of a camera? Oh hell yeah, I have to watch it. Now, about the MOC. Vision is still incredibly well-maintained, and really good, as the colour scheme is still consistent and separates to only two colours. "The less colour changes, the better." From my Savage. Originality speaks for itself, very thoughtfull creation. I really love the tail, the little 4 and 5 Technic pieces really give the curve. Technique is still the staring too long at a piece, refines it again. Nothing more to discuss. Impact is still awesome, I really love it. Well, this was a really short critique, but in total, another awesome creation. Mata4Nui, out.|
I love this. This is as photorealistic as it gets. The impact is incredible with the soldier fighting outnumbered, the flare on his sword focusing the attention on his shield and helmet, bringing us closer to his movement Strong shadows, bright tones, expert use of complementary colors (the green of the forest and, on the same diagonal, the red of the shield), respected rule of thirds puts the movement back in the soldier... and the overall detail is astounding, especially on the bow and the quiver with iron arrows This pho... I mean rendering *sorry* brings to mind all the emotions that I lived as a player while in the thick of the combat with a true feel of giving it all, fighting to the end. Magnificent, bravo.|
This picture is very eye catching. The contrast between the warm colors and the cold black makes for a very memorizing picture. I love that you have parts of her glowing, and other parts, the fire is smoldering away into tiny ashes. I would suggest checking the right ear. I feel it is a little on the big side and unproportional to the left ear. I also feel the left ear doesn't need to be small but have more details lines closer to the bottoms. No offense, but the left ear sort of looks one of those people who wear really heavy earrings and it stretches the ear out. And while a may not be a huge fan of that particular style of hair, it really does look likes flames and I love her bangs. I also would take a look at her pointer finger and thumb on the fire-creating hand. I think the pointer finger looks a little big, and the thumb is kind of thin and pointy. Then again the rest of her fingers are a little pointy so perhaps that is what you meant to do. And As weird as this may sound, I think her lady areas could use fixing. They seem a little too high up, but I also think they don't look horrible because I know from experience that those are always hard to draw. But they also aren't very noticeable at first ( When I do these critiques I have the zoomed in version to refer to ) so it's not something needing to be a major fix or anything like that. I really enjoy the dress though! While I am not a huge fan of the collar or elbow flames, I also know that this is a FIRE dress, and fire does that sort of thing, and it really adds a nice flare to the hole thing. I especially like the bottom of the dress, from it looking like opens flames in the front to sort of "closing" to a magma like color in the back, and trailing behind her. I fro some reason find this very attractive,and I think it fits her perfectly. She reminds me of Flame Princess from Adventure time. And While they may have similarities, they are different in their own ways. One thing I suggest on the left arm, is not making the upper part of the lower arm so think or making the wrist not so thin. Perhaps a small big of both. I also would suggest thinning the base of the thumb a bit, and not having the line between the palm and the fingers so long or noticeable or something. Final words, I really enjoy looking at this picture. As a fan of fire myself, I really like seeing things like this that are animals and such in fire form. I don't know why but I've always found it really cool! I love the detail that you put into all your pictures, most certainly ones like these with the flames and glowing ashes. Keep up the great work|
Focusing on the art itself and ignoring the dialogue, I think the wide third panel is a great study of embarrassed expressions and shows off the characters details in a pleasing fashion. As for the dialogue, I had to re read it a few times to get the meaning. I admit it felt a bit unnatural reading the dialogue out loud to myself and it makes me wonder if these characters speak like this all the time. Without knowing their back stories I can't really say. T back and forth dialogue lowered the impact for me but the art and timing are still top notch.|
Dammit sorry the last one was wrong ._. . Starting with a new one!.the lineart.it is well done as..how you can't be shakening?you have a tablet??ah and the lineart color is very well done.you picked a color,a other one,npt just black ^^'. you picked his white color up well,as I like the markings very much! they are beautifull and its like royal.xD im not so good at critiques sorry..xD. oh and the expression you maded for him is very cute as well!i like how the ears are.and the eye color is the same as the lineart.not black,the color that is a bit lighter that the pelt color.you did a good job on this,AND THIS IS MY FIRST CRITIQUE HOPE YOU ACCCEPETED IT!|
Well hun we meet again! your design looks rather good but could use more shading in areas that are not in view. such as the upper leg over the bottom one, the hair covering the breast on the lower left and on the bangs and in parts of the neck. You could also use some darker tones in the stockings and panties. The back ground looks a bit plain but I like the wooden walls! shading the counter she is laying on may also help near the arm and her lower body. I enjoy how good you are at anatomy as well as lighting! This could help benefit your artwork more in details. Shading is a key you may use to see improvement in future artworks. Your extremely talented at pin ups! hope to see more from you!|
I really love that movie, I love dragons and everything having to do with them and personally I really liked your painting, not only for the character you put in the middle and divide them as everything in this piece of art, but because you did something that I love, I love that you create your own and then the name of the character, I am not a critic of those giving praise to all, I am an impartial critic, that is, I just tell them things good to those who have to say good things, if there is something I do not like the work I say, in fact I have noticed that one of the faces to choose from, one has a lens white, personally, that detail is superfluous for me, but everything else is very good, great job.|
VERY CUTE Just some advice, try to change the line art colour to make the fur seem softer, continue to make sure your characters do not contain as much symmetry as this is what makes the pose even more interesting. Practice using your fingers (For details, shorter lines), your wrists (Rarely) and your arm/elbow (For longer smooth lines) this will be beneficial. Lastly, try to change the line width of the line art to make the character seem furry/less hard edged. For example thinner lines for the fur will make the character seem softer. Well done! I see potential, I hope I helped|
I love the robotic feel to the skin, not sure if it was intentional or not. But if it wasn't on purpose I would say to try and smoothen the edges more and study the human face structure to notice where the hard edges/soft edges are. The lips look really detailed, the hair could do some improvement whereas the expression of the face really goes well with the eyes. For future art pieces I recommend trying to gather even more colours to experiment and get out of your comfort zone to create even more unique art. Keep up the good work!|
This is very well done:3 I like it! All of the characters are really neat:3 Shadow can be in many forms:3 Even though all of the characters look like Shadow I believe that this should be a new game where everyone dresses up like Shadow and they help Shadow defeat Eggman and his evil plots:3 Dude you have made my day with this art work:3 Shadow has an army of friends:3 That's good to know:3 Maybe Sonic would be jealous when he sees that Tails is Shadow's color and style, you should make a video of this:3 Silver would also look good with Shadow's colors:3 - DemonLouie:3|
This is going to be my first art critique so if I sound weird or even harsh, I'm sorry! Good points: One of the things that stand out to me the most was how you drew the blood and bruises. Its one of those things that are hard to do (like hands ><) but you pulled it off great! You didn't just splash some red, like some people do >>, but you took the time to make it look realistic, well as realistic as anime can go. I also love the color palette. Evonna's colors are bright and unique enough so that she stands out but not to much to point where she looks out of place. The coloring technique itself is on a so much different level. Its just amazing. I also like the effects in the sky. A nice touch "Bad" Points: Okay not "bad" but just things I like to mention. Since this is a couple picture, I think there should be more impact from Orga. It seems more of Evonna focused than the two as a whole. He slightly looks like he is there just for show, kinda like a butler. That's just me. Okay the last minor thing I want to mention is the rocks. They seem a bit out of place in my opinion, maybe because of the style and also the difficulty of actually making any kind of background in itself, but its not a big deal since the focus of the picture is on the cute couple. I might sound hypocritical since I'm not a very good artist myself. To sum up, its a great drawing. I see the hard work and effort. I love yo technique in the coloring and the line art itself. It would be greater if there was more of a couple like feeling. Yet, don't worry about it since its fine. I love it all in all and I can see the rapid growth in skill from when you started making OC's in general and now. keep up the great work, senpai!|
I think you did a great job on t his one. I do think that you could of not had that mark in the center because it is a little distracting. I hope you know what I mean because I don't know what it is called. Other than that, I really like it. I like the nice detail that you put into this. Very nice. I also liked floating on the water. It looks great like that. Great job! I also, liked the choice of scenery. Great choice. If I drew her, I would of chosen he same location. Great job again!|
The picture is understandable in visual, but there are a few little Uh ohs. ;o 1)When you drew it, you seem to have given her a larger head than her body, which would be difficult for them to carry around on a smaller body(if you visualize it~) The neck also is an uh oh, try thinning it a little, but not too much or it won't support the head. 2) Her sides seem to be going in then curving, This is due to a rib cage outline. her arm should almost line up with her breasts. 3)The clothing are well visual, but you need to work on clothing wrinkles(hehe i also have this problem XD) 4) Try darkening her eyes more, her forehead is still visual where her eyes are suppose to be. 5)The shading is a little bit off, take your time with shading put detail into it. Try using pictures as a reference to whatever type of art you are interested in(Anime,Realistic,ect..) Believe me, it'll help|
This is absolutely incredible and probably one of the best pieces I have seen on this site! Outstanding job on the anatomy and his expression, it really expresses how much Levi loves to be outside in the sun. The colours in the background go together so nicely and the apples are so well drawn on that tree. It almost feels like you could reach up and grab one. The sky and the sun also give the picture lots of depth. In conclusion this is incredible. You my friend, are capable of great things. Continue on this path, for you shall go far.|
First off, one thing I automatically noticed is that you know that you need the folds in the clothing, and the strands of hair! 1: Everything looks good anatomy wise besides the shoulders/near the armpits are a bit thin. I also noticed the left hand is close together, as the right is farther spaced apart. Perhaps try modeling your own hands to help? C: 2: I'm kinda concerned about how there's tears outta nowhere. I see the shadow, but it would be best if you made it A BIT darker as if there was a mask there covering her eyes, and the tears were seeping through. 3: The shading looks good overall, but try to have a light source so you can have on side light, one side dark. Also, don't forget to blend it in really good or use a soft density or opacity! 4: The background is kinda messy, perhaps drawing stripes instead of scribbles?|
Right off the bat this entire peace screams epic. The detail is second to none and the use of colour, shading and toning works to create a visual master peace that does even better at capturing the shear scale and power of Tirek and Twilight's battle than the episode itself. Tirek himself looks even more menacing and again the peace really does give him a sense of scale, he's no-longer a giant he is a Titan. The detail on Twilight is exceptional really giving her more emotional weight to her character. All in all a truly amazing work of art.|
Super cool! I love, love, love this! Oh, where to start. First, the post is fantastic. It's cheecky, flirty, and even a bit sneaky. Perfect for describing a cat. The texture really stands out to me, though I can't really explain why. It almost seems like a tissue paper kind of texture to me. Different, but creative! The fur patterns are really cute. I love it when drawings of cats have slightly shaggy fur, and it was done really well here. The tail is fluffly, the cheeks look shaggy yet elegant, the tuft of fur on the head adds to the sassy-ness, and the fur on the front legs is very realistic. The pattern/design on the cat itself is very nice. The color compliments the white very nicely, and the pattern is simple, yet pleasing. Also, love the wink! Perfect touch!|
this is literally so sexy, i love how you have used the absolute BEAUTY of asses in this picture. I must say the artisticness of this screenshot is amazing. i am absolutely astonished with how fabulous this really is. It definitely lives up to its title. It is so fabulous that my brain and eyes can literally not handle it. Everyone should be jealous of your butts and i wanna find this account now because its do dang fabulous. Butts shall rule the internet, that is how fabulous it is. Even the little red drawing in the corner adds to this pictures fabulousness B) sexy sexy sexy 10/10|
After looking at both pictures that you have done I like this version better than the othier one. Next I like the different facial expressions that you have done to show us what the character will look like happy or sad. I also like the different details that you have done like the folds in the diaper and buttons, and the shading and shadowing job on the character. I see nothing wrong with the character reference that you have done. I hope to see more awesome character references from you in the near future. I thank you for asking me to critique this chatacter reference that you have done.|
This anthro is absolutely drop dead gorgeous! The shading of the legs and clothes is beautiful! The vision on relaxing on the beach eating some sushi is outstanding! The artwork is quite original... But it looks like the sushi is copy pasted... The technique is quite amazing, the shading of the background and everything in the artwork is quite nice! The overall impact of the entire portrait makes it feel like your actually there in the picture feeling a nice breeze sitting in the warm sun on a beach... Keep up the good work! (I have very good vision, I can tell when something from the internet is inserted, or your really good at drawing sushi...) But keep up the good work buddy! Storm the cat|
Absolutely true. This comic perfectly describes the (sometimes confusing) plot that the serie is facing. Ironic and at the same time well explained. Even if you aren't a fan of the manga you can easily get the message across ^_^ The mixture of styles and the animation adds more complexity to this work, which synthesizes, in our opinion, the strangest chapter in the whole serie. Maybe this is the best comic from our artist. As fans of this serie we really enjoy reading this kind of comics, so we really hope to see more of this funny stories in the future. Excellent work! And please forgive my written mistakes. English is not our mother language ^^|
Okay, critique time wooo The first thing I noticed about the arm is how the 'musculature' looks. It looks just like what you would actually find on a robot, cyborg, android, what have you, and the proportions are fantastic. The way the joints are formed also looks nice, with how there are little connections in various spots instead of it being just plate lines over a solid arm. It looks like it would actually be able to move. The fingers look a tad claw-like, especially with how the hand is tilted downward. I'm not sure if this was what you were aiming for, but if it is then it looks great. As for the lack of textures, I think it looks fantastic without them. Sometimes simplicity is best. Though I am curious as to how many polys are in this arm; it looks quite smooth. All in all, though, it looks fantastic already, and I can't wait to see the final result!|
Amazing work! The shading is absolutely wonderful! The details of the character's face pops out and appears lovely. The setting somewhat sets the mood but it does it beautifully. The eyes are my favorite part of the picture. It looks real and shine like a real eye. You can't tell if you did traditionally or digitally which puts everyone in the mystery of the picture. If done so with pencil, I congratulate you with such effort and creativity. If done digitally, very much patience and effort was put into it. It gives Supernatural fans and more love! Love for you.|
I like this picture and the colors involved and the attention to detail in everything from the face to the hair. It looks realistic and like an art master piece it's truly beautiful!!!!! Great job on color combination as well!! I would actually love to see the full body effect as well. I would love to see the whole look of the tones of the body! It kind of has a tribal feel to me. Which is nice to see. Diversity is always welcome in the art world. I like how you also made the neck long and strong! Great job!|
Wow Anna looks beautiful and hot you did a great job man I love frozen and Anna this is the most EPIC thing I seen you should do Elsa next the songs like let it go and do you want to build a snowman are stuck in my head I hope they make a sequel to the first movie what do you think the shading and color are perfect do more frozen art and stuff it's awesome that you can do this im a huge frozen fan I love Elsa and both who's your favorite character from the movie? Well good luck|
Es excelente este plug, gracias por el aportte, bendiciopnes!!! estare al pendiente de mas de tus apreciaciones, soy fotografo y he aprendico mucho de sus aportes! Es excelente este plug, gracias por el aportte, bendiciopnes!!! estare al pendiente de mas de tus apreciaciones, soy fotografo y he aprendico mucho de sus aportes!Es excelente este plug, gracias por el aportte, bendiciopnes!!! estare al pendiente de mas de tus apreciaciones, soy fotografo y he aprendico mucho de sus aportes!Es excelente este plug, gracias por el aportte, bendiciopnes!!! estare al pendiente de mas de tus apreciaciones, soy fotografo y he aprendico mucho de sus aportes!Es excelente este plug, gracias por el aportte, bendiciopnes!!! estare al pendiente de mas de tus apreciaciones, soy fotografo y he aprendico mucho de sus aportes!|
This is fantastic!! The art style is unique and flows perfectly with the color choices!! I like how you gave Jeff's hoodie more of a greyish tint than the usual white. I also like how the eyes were done. The only thing I would give a little more thought to is the blood. I don't know if you were intending it to be more of a pinkish tint or if you struggled a bit with blending the reds to fit it to your liking. But overl this piece of art is fantastic!! Keep up the great work and keep drawing more Creepypasta!!|
Bonjour, c'est Reilan qui m'as oriente sur ta page devianart. C'est une vision originale comme support (les prises de vues sous l'eau), cela ammene et procure une vision differente et agreable, avec la diffraction de l'eau. Je trouve fort sympathique et agreables tes cliches, autant pour les scenes que pour les modeles, ils ont chacun leurs originalites. J(ai apprecie de me balader au sein de ta galerie. Un piti (gros) coup de coeur pour celui ci, j'ai un faible pour les teintes donnant dans le violet et le modele possede un fort joli visage <3 Bonne contiinuation sur ta lancée, en esperant que tu garderas cet oeil qui donne a tes cliches une scene finale sympathique ...|
omf omfg dis is so beautiful, my eyes exploded from all da beautifulness and wonderfulness you deserve a medal my friend omg momg omg //gives you a medal //hands you the Stanley Cup //give you random gold cheerleader statuette medal thingy omfg you diserve icecream as well //gives you chocolate icecream sundae I would buy this pony from you for 100000000000 dollars but I have none //cries <3 <3 <3 <3 but its still best bae //hugs you best drawer eva I cry this so beauty, make me cry ah //sobs <3 //internal sobbing //hyperventilating //happy tears <3 <3 <3|
Um, first off, hi. I know you uploaded this a few days ago, but nobody has critiqued your work yet. I'm not much for writing critiques, but I really wanted to critique this deviation. I think you should be very proud of what you've done! Here's what think about this deviation: - The expression is very appropriate and well executed - The lineart is very neat, although it's a little bit darker in some places than others - The costume is very well drawn, although the hat looks a little bit stiff - There are a few places where the color goes out of the lines, but I only noticed because I zoomed in - The lighting is pretty good too, but I think the piece could use a bit more highlights, especially on the shoulder plates - The left hand seems a bit small to me, but it could just be me - The background is well drawn, and you do feel like you're there, but it just seems to make Link appear a little bit flat, making both the background and Link needing a little bit more depth XxXxXxXxWITH ALL OF THAT SAIDXxXxXxXx I don't mean to sound harsh in any way if that's how this is coming accross. I'm merely stating what sticks out to me. I REALLY like this piece, and that's why I wanted to critique it. All in all, here's what I think the piece still needs: Darker lineart, more highlighting and shading, a little bit more wrinkles in the clothing, more depth to the character and background (can probably be solved by adding more highlighs and lowlights and adding a little bit more grass sticking up from the hill), and maybe a few sparkles by Navi wouldn't hurt...?|
Okay, I'm gonna go like I usually do - line by line, making suggestions (hear me, suggestions, not orders, 'kay?). I'm going to avoid being a grammar Nazi because it's the first draft. :') "abysmal womb" - abysmal womb... I like it. "from a lifetime of eternal solitude" - I wouldn't say 'eternal' so soon after 'eternally' as it decreases the impact of the word. Same with 'only' - I avoid repeating words too soon. "continued brew" - 'to' brew? "It was the first [...] of the void" - this is a very long sentence. Maybe split it somewhere. Also, I'd replace the 'and' between 'direction' and 'creating' with a comma. I think it just flows better. The 'and with pain' - I know what you mean but it disrupts the flow, in my opinion. Maybe split it here - "pierced his eyes. The luminescent ripples..." If they pierce his eyes, the audience can infer pain without you saying it. Also, just to clarify, I'd say "until THEY WERE lost forever" because it's a bit jolty to my ears without it. "the overwhelming explosion" - I think this would flow better without the adjective. Explosions tend to be overwhelming "his vision would return" - nice irony here. "but he did not" - since you're talking about the vision returning, I'd say "it did not". "giggling to be precise" - I don't like this. It sticks out a bit and pulled me from the story. Maybe "to the sound of playful giggling", or even just "to the sound of giggling". "swirly colours" - I'd replace swirly with swirling. It sounds a bit childish to me. "as it continued on" - you just said 'continued on' so I'd get rid of this part completely. "placed curiously before him" - not sure about the adverb. I don't think something can be placed curiously before you. Something curious placed before you? Nice ending. I like your style - flowing and poetic. I also quite like the idea in itself. Have you read The Silmarillion by Tolkien? It has quite a similar concept - creating worlds from music. But the rest is very different to anything I've read. Very impressive. Generally I don't have many qualms, only to try to vary your sentence length a little more. An enjoyable read and a fascinating concept. I'd read on.|
First off, I have to say that this piece is very well done Claw and that I very much love it. Now, the vision is very good, but I didn't really get what it was at first. For originality, I have seen pieces with similar ideas, but your's is different because it never has been presented with an angel (or what I think is an angel). The technique is also very good, but i don't understand why you used green instead of yellow since that is the last base color. I can understand why you used red though. Another thing is that there isn't any shading, which seems a little weird, but that could also be coloring. I don't know. The impact of this is amazing though. This is a piece that really gets me thinking and I love it for all it's little faults. Keep up the amazing work!|
I like the way that the outline kind of makes it look like there is a light shining on it. The front limbs look a bit too long for my taste. The light shading looks a bit too circular in places and some of the lines on the neck are a bit too harsh. Mayb the lines on the body could be smoothed out. Overall I really like it (especially the head c and it makes me want to get a tablet >.< I honestly don't know a correct way to use those stars so excuse them xD I also like the tail for some reason.. it looks nice xD maybe the highlights don't have to be that harsh but if you're going for that kind of style I like it. The nose is quite nice aswell|
Ah, sweet colors of love. This is what i first thought when i came across this picture. And that sums up my feelings for it too. In times of colors so clear, dynamic, varied and overall intense I appreciate these delicate and even a little washy tones you captured here. It's a rare joy to see such natural and beautiful colors and reminds me that it's far from an absolute imperative to "fix" colors in post. Sometimes the greatest wonders are the most natural ones. Sadly the rest of the capture does collaborate with the tones at the same level. You did a good job on the focus, but the DoF could use some improvement. Right now the background is still a little too clear and, especially in combination with your contained color-contrast blends with the subject too well. It gets disruptive and draws the attention away from the beautifly blossom. I also feel there are some background artefacts that just shouldnt be there. It could also be ascribed to the compression, I'm not too sure about that, but you should definitely avoid those. In the end i can only say I like it for the color perception, even with its flaws it's still a good piece of photography. Thanks for reading|
I don't know what you could say, but i do know what i have to say I love it, that is. Especially the fact that it looks great as a thumbnail as well as in full view. Too often pictures tend to only excel in one those. I think it's thanks to the great composition. Not only does it make use of the rule of thirds effectively but also creates a nice contrast-rich and clear layout. While the core features are distinct there is still something more to discover, the loser you look. This leads me to the bokeh: I'm a bit torn here, for it is definitely an uncommon and interesting kind of blur but i feel it doesn't comply with the theme and general mood as well as a "normal" bokeh would. Don't get me wrong, i am quiet fond of this fresh and rather strange approach to bokeh and you should definitely keep experimenting with this. Now onwards to technique: What can i say? (totally unintentional) You know how to handle your camera and the results work great. The only thing i would have wished for would be a tad stonger contrast between the bokeh lights and the core aspect, the stone. A little darker lights could have focused the view on the subect even more and kept those two shapes from "merging", visually spoken. In the end i can only repeat myself: I love it. Despite and maybe also for the few little flaws, after all love is not perfection but accepting and appreciating the imperfections. Thanks for reading|
Vision: They're definitely pumpkins, and I like that you have three different ones. Originality: Aside from what I just mentioned and the fact that the background is pure black instead of a pumpkin patch or doorstep, there isn't much creativity here. You have the generic jack-o'lantern face; you could next time maybe design something a bit more intricate and unique, and that would definitely help this rating! Technique: Everything's clean and in focus, and that works well for stills, obviously I'm not sure if you used a battery-operated light or a candle in the jack-o-lantern, but it's cool how the light creates these layers of orange where you carved. Impact: Having your watermark directly in the middle covering a crucial part of the photograph really takes away from the image. I totally understand that you want people to know that this is your work and that they shouldn't use it without crediting you, but then maybe put something in one of the corners? Overall, this is a very pleasant image, even if simple and a bit generic. If I sounded harsh at all critiquing, please know that it's nothing personal, and it's not to upset or criticise you in any way! It's just far easier to give actual feedback when I'm not sugar-coating everything.|
So cute! I love this so much! Goten and Vegeta are my favorite characters and you did an awesome drawing of Goten! he looks so adorable like that! You are so good at drawing DBZ characters! I just love this so much! X3 I LOVE IT! So spectacular! So original! So cool! So cute! I love it so much! OMG IT'S JUST SO CUUUUUTTTTTEEEEE! This is just wonderful! I wonder what technique you use to draw these! You are doing an awesome job drawing DBZ characters! If you have any questions or anything please tell me! I'd love to talk! See ya later!|
|
I see you have started to draw animes now! To kick things off, firstly, I love the style of the hair! Not only have you managed to use your time to draw individual strands; you've used tone and lighting to make it look like and actual show. Also, I love the eyes so much x'D I've always loved green eyes and you can see the tiny details put in there as well! The only criticism I have is the mouth ^_^' sorry to be a bother but for me, it looks a bit too big and funny. However, I love the overall image and you draw hands so well! They're like the hardest things to draw >< You never cease to surprise! Keep up the good work!|
That blink give a cheecky look to character, aliso alike cheerfull one. Fur seems fluffy. Technic is good to representante a character. Texture don't disturb much, thick and white conture make him/her more visible. I also like such light pink for fur's color. But I am not sure what animal it is, cause of cartoon style. If it is cat, doggy or fox. Well, cause it is character from comision, not your own character I know it was not all your idea how it shall look. But for me such white- red colors of fur bring think about mascote from videogame "Okami". okami.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page Maybe not exactly the same, but still.... Or is that just me?|
Well, the first thing that catches your attention is that big black wolf. I understand that represents the spirit of the person who is just below, same as the other heads represents the girl and the boy that there are on her sides. I love the expression you've been able to get in the eyes of the central girl, and how the sleeves of her hoodie become trunks of trees (I think they are that). The composition is strong, and you've kept your style, as always. That's good. If you were trying to capture a connection to the dark part of the forest, between the natural and the supernatural, or if these kids turn into these creatures, well done. Maybe you're trying to represent yourself, and they all are you. Or maybe it's just an esthetic question. But it could be a story perfectly. So, for me it's very good, as always p Perhaps the background color could be more intense. And it's so original compared wit other deviants art. But for you, it's your style, yeah, but it's similar to your other deviations. Not original for you. You can done more cool stuff that this. So, keep it up and continue drawing. You have and amazing artist inside you.|
This is the first time I send a critique on someone´s art. Oh well, let´s go! In fact, Sandopolis is one of the stages that I love and hate at the same time. The background, the enemies and desert song are amazing. In my opinion Sandopolis Act 2 is a real nightmare, thanks to all sand traps, levers and mainly, the ghosts following you during the stage. However, Sandopolis is still one of my favorite stages of Sonic classic games. I'd love to see it in modern games. I love how you showed Tails´ fear of ghosts (as shown in Sonic Heroes. I know that in Sonic OVA he has a fear of lightning. But I will not buy this fight here.) and the way you drew the ghost staring at him. Although the background is simple, you worked astonishingly in all details of your drawing, the characters and the tension of the situation. Not to mention that the shading looks wonderful. What I mean is that you managed to balance the tension of Tails situation, his fear, and the nostalgic feeling of agony that the player feels when is playing Sandopolis Act 2 in a single art. Keep up the amazing work!|
First of all, don't worry too much about the stars xD I don't really use them when I write critiques. We will start with the bad stuff. The cat needs a bit more fluff, to make the drawing look more detailed and realistic. The front paws are a bit small, try making them bigger next time so they are more in proportion to the body. The shoulders are too big, and should be more on the side of the chest, instead of being in the chest's place and touching. The elbow is in the wrong spot, try looking at photos for a better understanding of cat anatomy. The mouth is a bit too turned downwards, but if you are aiming for a more cartoony style, that's ok c: The shading is good overall, but if you want to make it even better, try adding an even darker colour where it is dark the most (for example, under the chin and around the chest area.) Now for the good stuff! I love the background, the colours really go together and are very harmonising. The anatomy is quite good, but there were a few things that should be fixed up. Don't be afraid to use references, they can really help with a hard pose!|
It's amazing! You got everything right! The axe is a nice touch, but I think we could have not added the sparkle. I don't know why but I just don't like it. I gave originality a three because lots of people draw her in this way. Like a scary beauty who can to lift her own weight. But other than that I think it's a wonderful take on Wendy's personality! Also, please check out my galallery if you love Gravity Falls and My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic! First we thought that Babs was so really really sweet! Yay! Ya|
Firstly I should say that I have been reading this comic and it has captured my curiosity. Especially this page. I really want to see where your going with this. So please don't quit yet. I think it was a great decision to make this image pretty much a full page picture. When images like this have a full page it increases how effective they are and seems to tell people that they should look at the page for longer. Also the small panel shows the movement, and the changing the colour of the box was a great idea! I know that you've been using minimum or selected colours for the whole comic but using little colour is very effective, especially red. This move draws attention to Raph's masks and his wound. But also draws our attention to the evil eyes of the creature that are glaring at Raph. You have used shadow really well. The shadow on Raph tones down the bright white and allows us to focuses on the creatures eyes. The creatures eyes are intense and draw the viewers attention because there is no shadow to reused the effect of the white and red. The white haze around the eyes also draws more attention to the eyes thus making the starring creature seem more intimidating. The huge gnashing teeth the create even more frightening. One small thing I wish to point out (You don't have to pay attention to this) is that the muscles on the creatures mussel (or nose) may not be entirely accurate. Generally from images that I have seen the muscles look more like an upside-down 'L'. So you might just want to look it up. If you don't want to change it id doesn't matter, we still get the idea that the creature is snarling and looking pretty damn angry. Therefore overall it is an amazing image that is truly effective. I can't wait to see what happens next!|
The way the lighting of Elita-1 matches almost perfectly the lighting of the screenshot used. Also, the way she has been designed almost matches the show style entirely, giving it a great impact. It really gives you an insight to what she would've been like if she was in the show. The fact that the screenshot is Optimus in mid-action gives (people with imagination) a view of the rest of the action, and adding Elita to his side makes it stand out more. The one component that is missing now is the voice and movement. Add these in at a later time and this will really raise the bar! A great job!|
Hi, here's my first critique. Also, I think I have a very bad english, so sorry for that. >: Let's go. ~ Your drawing is so beautiful. All is well done and it's pleasant to see. Bravo for this work ! I think that it'is very original. The pose makes the girl like she's flying and give her a majestic air. I really love her dress ! I think I would be joyful if I had a dress like this. :laugh: The patterns are awesome and remind fire. I really like it ! Also, the flowers, jewels don't exaggerate anything. The colors are also well chosen ! Maybe I wouldn't give three colors for eyes, but generally, it's very well colored. However, I think an other background would make the drawing better. Overall, you master's degrees although digital drawing. On the whole, shadows are well placed. Maybe you should blend a little fewer your shadow for a better effect and use more tinge for a better contrast, like on the flowers. Also, the wand she has in the hand should be further back because it seems it pass through her head... Actually, this drawing is very very very very amazing. I really love it ! I'm sure you'll improve very quickly and I just have one thing to say : Keep it up ! I hope I've done a good critique. >:|
Despite the fact that he looks a lot like The Kreptis Lord, Jack the Hallow, I think you did rather beautifully on this piece. I've decided to give this a five on Vision, because, although it is dark, which I'm sure you intended, it gives off a rather creepy feeling with the glowing of his eyes, nose and markings. It certainly made me think "This is a creature born to the night." I think you did rather nicely on the fur, and the shading itself I happened to notice first. Also, the shafts of light coming down from the moon, as I'm guessing, gives it an even more nightly impression. Over-all, I think you did a wonderful job. Keep it up, and thank you, for sharing your imagination with the world.|
Hi TMWphoto, Gorgeous photo!! I was immediately drawn to this image; the beautiful colours, the dreamy sky... Well done, you've captured a beautiful scene, and the only critique I can really say is to be very careful of what you're including in your images. The flower pot on the right is a bit distracting (however you may not have been able to help that), and the post in the middle is more-so. If you had taken a step or two to your left then the post would have been in the right side of the image and then you would have a fabulously composed image- sticking to the rule of thirds! I saw that you took a few different shots of the same scene, but this layout worked best in my opinion. It would have been interesting to see a panorama of this scene, if you had a tripod with you. Overall, beautiful shot, I really like it, but just always keep in mind not only what you want IN the image but also what you DON'T want. Keep practicing and you'll keep improving, Hope this helped! RR|
First of all I'd like to thank you for the personal request. Also, before I begin I would like to mention that I don't find myself to be in a position where I should criticize your work, but since you've asked I'll try my best. Just finished going through your gallery, and I believe this work is the one standing out. I like the overall composition, both the stance and the asymmetry of the subject. The little tilt of the head and the eye coordination gives an interesting dynamic. It's not clear yet if you'll complete the rest of her body, I personally understand those unfinished parts in an artwork but it still needs some refinement. With respect to the tones, I believe you could either add some overall contrast and some brighter highlights in specific areas or maybe try to expand this subtle "gray scale" effect in the whole canvas. What I am trying to say, is that should find those unique elements that could turn a traditional portrait, to something that express your own artistic view and make this stand out as your personal style. Right now, I see a very elaborate work (a lot better than what I could do with traditional brushes) that it lacks the elements that could discern it from other similar works. This is something I always try to achieve myself. Overall, I'd say that you have the skill and the technical capacity, it's also evident is those fan-art artworks of yours, to create some great artwork. You'll just need to implement your talent in your own personal perspective. I am looking forward to see how this will turn out in the end. Thanks again, hope I was a bit helpful. Cheers|
amazing story i could really see it as if i was looking at it from 3rd erson perspective nice job very few stories are like that and you have astounded me + fav from me i wish to propose if you could make a sequel to this? it sounds like it might b a good one for it with them making the others have second s btw love the concept for it as predator and prey become friends a twist ending that others may feel intrigued from it keep writing more stories like this one and i will read them in the time i have|
This drawing is simply amazing. Fluttershy's mane and tail look really cool and realistic. Her hooves and her wings are probably a little big, but that does not make the drawing look bad. The background is really awesome, I really like the effects and the moonlight. The light and the shading is really amazing here, and it's something that a lot of people don't know how to do, but you have managed to make it look amazing in this drawing. I love the way the parts between the wings' fingers are transparent enough, so the moonlight can bee seen through them. Flutterbat's expression looks great here, and her eyes are really good. Looks like you have improved a lot in two years. Congratulations, and keep up the good work!|
This is an amazing art piece, the suits are done wonderfully, the mane and tail is amazing, and you had the ponies drawn, and the scene is dramatically done well, my OC Aurora is captured perfectly, and the art is amazing in drawn, way better then when I had it in imagination, plus I love the way you did Rainbows Dash's mane not being there because of the original design of Scorpion, the poses are amazing, and like I mentioned before Dash's suit is done wonderfully, the eyes are amazing. Earth Pony vs Pegasus, BEGIN! -Aurora's Always Fair Critiques- YAY|
This piece is high impact, high drama and clearly well planned. The intricacies of the chainmail are precise and well executed, making it look like a knitted collar to a sweater instead of a construction of metal, crystals and charms. The Ombre color transitions are right on target with today's fashion trends and were surprising and tastefully executed. However, there are a few small flaws with the piece. While they do not detract from the beauty of refinement of the design, they may affect its ease of wear and propensity to damage garments and snag hair. The single, most infuriating and most important part of executing chainmail pieces is precision, but also, ensuring the links close fully. I only saw a couple individual lines with this problem, but they fell in a key area, one in which they have the highest likelihood of snagging, the closure. A simple fix and a small error that is completely irrelevant to the beauty and execution of this piece. I hope that the artist will continue to progress and share more of this level of skill and dedication to us in the future.|
Hi vonntheamateur, Lets start with the positive stuff- gorgeous model, nice styling, and nice idea! The only problem is the execution. When composing an image, you need to be very aware of every little thing that's happening in the photograph. For example, the white car and the houses in the background. This photograph would have a lot more impact if there weren't distractions like this. One way to fix that would be to take the photograph from a different angle. When composing images, we generally stick to the 'rule of thirds' (unless purposefully breaking that rule, e.g. balance and symmetry). In this image I would have liked to see more of the rocks that your model is sitting on, and also to get a hint as to what she is looking at. The texture of those rocks is gorgeous, so in comparison, the background of this photo looks a little ordinary. I would love to see you shoot again at this location, and to experiment with changing your composition. The best way to improve is to take this critique and to go back and try to improve, because with a little more work, this could be a stunning and intriguing image! Keep working hard, hope this helps a bit Let me know if you'd like any more tips RR|
You've completed a fantastic work, depicting one of the main focal points in the ship, spoken unlike the fan-service we had in The Empty Hearse (we all know Moftiss has been reading fanfics). I really love the color contrast in the flames compared to the darker colors they're wearing and the facial expressions. And the story in the description goes perfectly with the situation you've drawn and is giving off the perfect vibe those two have when being in the same room as each other. Overall, a fantastic job and keep up the good work! This is in fact another reason to go down with the Sheriarty ship. X3|
This thing is so so cute. I love your style and simplicity, moonlight. One thing I'd like to ask though, is that blonde there Armin, Erwin or Annie? The way you draw Mikasa is so adorable! Although you still have allot to improve, hey, you were bored. xDDD So I guess that's a good excuse to draw. Vision: I have no idea what that means, but I guess I'll give it a 3 1/2. Originality: Since this wasn't your original thing, I'll give you a 2 1/2. Technique: Though not professional, it's very good for your age. 4 1/2. Impact: 4 1/2 coz why not xD|
Well the best way to explain it is that it looks cute. The coloring and details looks very good. The blush and smile just so adorable. I really like how you did the hair, it just so detailed and beautiful. The light from the crystal she's holding looks kind of impressive on how it shines and lights up the background. Overall, you did a good job at drawing Sheeta and making her look so cute. And I really like how make the hair so detailed and beautiful and the background lighting up from the crystal Sheeta is holding. Also, I also liked the movie Castle in the Sky, it one of my favorite Hayao Miyazaki movies other than Princess Monomoke, Spirited Away, and Kiki's Delivery Service.|
The atmosphere in this piece is ultimately stunning. With the grit detail against the windows, moss against the metal, light filtration, and shadowing, you have portrayed an incredibly detailed haven for your OC. His hair appears soft and well balanced and the mice add a rather warming touch. I'm keen on the schematics towards the left of the painting, as it appears newer and more modern than the others adjacent to it. I wonder if it was intended, as a time stamp to some extent? In final words, I merely wish to congratulate you this utterly enchanting work of art.|
Wow, this must the best sketch I've ever seen from you. (Unless you do more, and they will all get awesome and more awesome!) Love how you drew the female body perfectly and accurately and you drew them so much better than me! Especially the hands. Even though it's a simple pose, (I did something similar like this before) compared to yours, I drew like a little kid. I also love how you coloured the picture and drew her outfit differently. She looks so pretty and adorable. (Like the bow on her.) Oh, I also labeled my drawings because I like to do that every time I doodle something. We have so much in common! So, an excellent job and keep it up! (I'm so a fan of your drawings, I keep looking at your page, if you have any new drawings, all the time. Don't call me a stalker, I'm just bored and like them XD)|
This is indeed a very nice piece of art, and you really got the mood/atmosphere on it. With that 'tone of creepiness', I'd say. Shading is okay, though I personally think that wolf's pelt color should be more visible; and the fence behind lacks a bit of shading I assume. I like the way trees in the background fade away, and they're nicely detailed. As well, the gradient linework is a very nice touch, the way it's involved as part of the shadings. The orange glow on dark blue background really pops out, which is personally my favorite 'element' in this piece. I've noticed that the cell shades on the pumpkins could be just slightly darker. The shafts(moonshine or whatever it's called) are very nice, though they look a bit too flat, if they're bending through the forest branches. [This is my first critique, so sorry if I described something wrong or such ]|
I'm a fan of Batman. It has different styles in animation, live action, and even comics that were the best or the worse. When I seen this drawing, it's look like Bruce Wayne (or I would say Batman) is in his late teens or early twenties. I was thinking when I watched Batman Begins, and it made me think of think Bruce Wayne becoming the Batman in the beginning part of the movie instead of killing the criminal that killed his parents. It would be great idea for a teenage version of Batman on the comics or an animated series. Despite that, it looks interesting to me and all the Batman fans.|
Stanza #1 "The white stuff..." -It took me a few times to understand what you were saying, but I like that you talk about "the white stuff" not being free (costing money). And I like that you're trying to say that this subject is free, in a sense. #2 "I dare you..." -But then here, you make it seem like he ISN'T free, because you "dare" the reader to be honest with him. That makes me think that this person is addicted to the thrill or addicted chemically to these drugs. -Daring the reader conveys very powerful emotions, so that part is really great! -I'm a little bit confused about the "dog's stomach", but I do see how "it's a dog-eat-dog world" works here. #3 "Some smoke..." -"...to their dreams": I really like this line! Just something about it. -"corrupts the cotton wool": This is really nice, too. I interpret it as polluting thoughts and intentions. #4 "When enough..." -When you think about it, drinking would probably come before drugging. At least from what I know of people, that's what tends to be the order of things. Maybe you could bring this stanza and #5 up to the top somehow? -The visual imagery is really clear here. #5 "trips into..." -I love that this flows over from the last stanza. -Would the 'less worthy' be people who aren't using? You're not very clear about who you're referring to. #6 "he would..." -I think if you move #4 and #5 to the beginning of the poem, this could stay as #6. You would maybe need to put a little transition between what is now #3. But this is definitely a great ending! I love how "trip" can refer to falling AND to using. It's very clever, even if you didn't mean to do that. Vision: Very clear, and I could see where you were going with this. Originality: An excellent twist on using illicit drugs. Technique: You were a little vague in #5, and I really think you should consider putting #4 and #5 at the beginning, but otherwise, your technique is very nice! Word choice and order are great here! Impact: This is a very well-done poem! It's very intense and real. Nice work!|
been a while since i have done a critique XD so yeah, i really like the technique you did with this piece its very clear looking and its very vague at the same time. the brushstrokes that your used gives it a rushing motion for it being like an underwater scene. not much to say about this image, the only thing is that the figure in the image could be a little more blended out with the blues that you used in this image, or you could make you figure the same color as the blue background really good job!!!|
Your unique drawing style in this really makes the piece, hands down. Your interpretation of Link and Fi is well-done and the styling works for the overall mood of the composition. You've stuck to the canon of what the characters look like in-game but given it your own flair. The posing and overall idea might not be wildly original, but the style is all your own and well done! The styling of Link and Fi may be what substantiates the originality and impact of this piece, but that same styling also results in a lack of impact by leaving the rest of the composition bare. The styling has such a strong personality of its own that leaving the background blank is underwhelming. You've made it clear via the colors, poses, and expressions that Link and Fi are to appear on-guard, ready for a fight or other abrupt situation that could be around the corner. In that regard, you succeeded greatly in setting the mood just in the character composition by itself. However, having a truly unfinished background with no detail whatsoever results in a highly anti-climactic setting and stifles the piece from portraying stronger emotion and mood. Adding some basic environmental attributes - greater background shadows, lighting, color dimension, etc - would add a lot of impact to the piece without actually adding any specific details of where Link/Fi are. If you did want to go a step further and put in some small details (cracks, bricks, stones, texture, etc) you could give a clearer suggestion of what Link/Fi are on-edge about while still giving the viewer the final say in what exactly is around the corner. Overall, the piece is well structured and very creative in appearance but lacks that extra oomph that could be achieved with even some minor additions. I'd love to see this same piece with a unique backdrop done in a matching style to really give the whole thing that extra "wow". A solid composition and very cool styling.|
LIKE A GENTLEMAN. Seriously, though, I very much liked this. At first, I have to admit, I was bracing myself a bit for Arthur to be solely interested in getting laid (particularly with the "your body says otherwise" line), but I'm happy that the story took a different turn from that, showing that while his lust was genuine, so were his actual good intentions towards the Reader. I feel that Arthur is, in general, a misunderstood character, and I like that you've given Arthur a more multi-faceted layer to his personality. He's a tricky character to write for some people, who focus too much on either his vulnerable or dominate side, but you made a good balance of both. (The way you write in "luv" really adds something to his speech, I know it's only a little detail but I adored it.) I also liked that the Reader was similarly fleshed out- it's hard to find one that can be both vulnerable but who also takes the lead, a lot of the time it's one or the other and doesn't make for particularly good variety. I do feel that maybe a bit of context as to where they were would have added a bit more to the opening, especially as she's complaining about being seen. In the story itself, they could really be anywhere, which isn't a problem as such, I just would have preferred a bit more of a sense of place and atmosphere. I absolutely loved the ending line, it fit in with the overall arc of the oneshot nicely. (I like the headcanon on Arthur's middle name, as well. ^-^)|
Bien, me gusta mucho este dibujo. Admito que, es muy creativo! No dire mas porque parece creida. Se ven tan adorables juntos, creo que antes eran mejores, no? Como sea, el digitalizado esta bien aunque tiene defectos. Con respegto al dibujo, esta perfecto. Te quiero admirar, pero todavia no me comvences. Admito que, yo no hago mejores dibujos (Todavia nose como subir dibujos a la pc) y sino, hubiera subido muchos otros dibujos claro. Como sea, la calidad esta bien, pero pienso que no es 100% sino un 90% y vuelvo a decir, YO NO DIBUJO MEJOR QUE TU. Oki?|
(First off sorry watchers since this popped up randomly in your messages.) I really love this art style its so cute. I say that she deserves a lot more watchers then she has. I love this dress to *__*. She also has many other art that is amazing as well. I would kill for talent like this. I am really bad at drawing as you can tell. ;__;. Go check her out and show her love. So kawaii... So if your looking for good chibi artist I say this one. (I am not stuttering because I am not talking to people.)|
Altogether, this piece is very impressive. I wouldn't be able to make something like this. But I think that , besides the character, the piece seems unfinished. The background, to me, could have been more exciting, considering that the main focus is on a being splashing blood everywhere. Altogether, I think your character idea and technique are astounding! I haven't seen something this edgy since well... along time. It's an amazing, detailed character that we can see some back story to. My only beef is that the background takes away from the whole being of your piece. It seems more like this guy would be fighting on the streets on L.A or in Moscow then in a blah red backdrop. I know you can do better. I know this because the character is AMAZING, ORIGINAL, and ACTION PACKED! you just need to make the whole picture flow.|
Wow! What an excellent drawing of my alien and robot characters! I think you made them look extra cute! I like the way you draw TIM's little button nose. But do you know what I do when I usually draw these retro-style alien characters? I think about the world's first color TV cartoon "Colonel Bleep" and I listen to mostly rock n' roll and doo-wop music from the late 1950s and early 1960s, which were sampled in a CD of megamixes that I used to have when I was a kid. "Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers", the group is called. If you haven't heard of them before, there is a bunch of megamixes that I recommend for any fan of mid-century pop music, such as "Swing the Mood", "Rock and Roll Party Mix", and "Hopping Mad".|
the artwork is amassing, even the boob of one of the girls is making a real movement, meaning they are real big breast, the painting is good, love the shadows and the details of the mountains <3 ! it is awesome, but i think it would be even better if the "wolf power red thing" had the fire effect, but even without it, is beautiful nice work ! Now, talking about the shadows, i think you should put some more in the background, to make a connection between the characters and it, for example, if you follow the line of the butt of the dark skin girl, in that point, the shadow should be a little darker than the one of the side, like making a degrade, so it would be a more realistic effect, but i still insist, it a really good draw, and i know it is hard to draw in a computer, i can't do it 'cause my eyes hurt a lot|
Not too bad for artwork, but this is basically a really impressive perspective on how all of those fan boys out there felt. But you know, Nintendo is like MLP. It's better off without the bitchy ass fanboys. Because all they really do is just say things to them like: Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that,Do this, do that, Over and over again. Sakurai almost halted development thanks to those damn fanboys. And now Pac-Man's drinking their tears. (which probably taste like starbits)|
Don't care about them,ignore all those rancerous arrogants,no matter what they will do or say to you,if you ignore them,they will not hurt you anymore..And when your time has finally come,strike them back with the all the same things which they've hurted to you...And very soon,they will see they must not understimate you,and either even hurt you. All that that worthless and useless bad artist soul on you,will rise so,but so,so higher then all this arrogants will never touch it...So,anytime you fell like this,don't just only think on that,think then we are everytime on your side,for rise you so higher|
Well.. I had to say that art is nice, but not perfect. His face doesn't look great for me. I don't know why, but his eyes are crooked. He looks like he has a little cross-eyes. And his smile should be more near his nose.. And you should also work with drawing hands, but don't worry, I have the problems with them also. And rest is awesome. I like how you do shadows and clothes. They look kinda realistic.. And the colors are nice, nothing attacks me, so I'm happy. I don't like neons. And the shoes are lovely! Like hell yeah.. Maybe the person isn't so original and art has mistakes, but I like it~ Ah, and the last word is that I'm not sure If he's so steampunk..|
Vision: Flawless. Beautiful, purple palette used to maximum potential, quick, painterly strokes... It all works brilliantly. Plenty of detail; heck, you even made sure the windows in his hive were perfect! Originality: Yeah, it's fanart, and fanart isn't always original since it isn't... truly original. BUT, I don't know about everyone else, but what made this really stand out from the other Gamzee fanarts is that this showed the part where Goatdad had passed away. I don't really see that too often. Technique: You have a clear understanding of light and darkness, and have mastered shading to an insanely high point. Even with only a purple-based palette, you make full use of it, as I said before. An example being the water looks distinctly like water and you wouldn't confuse it with the seashore. Gamzee's anatomy looks correct, and the dragon is truly impressive. Impact: Whilst I'm fairly sure the death of Goatdad only had one or a few slides, you expanded it. You could feel the emotion, so to say. I felt sorry for Gamzee, and in this artwork, you can feel Gamzee's sorrow. You can feel Gamzee's loneliness. You can feel his grief.|
aww, this is really cute. I love it I like the idea that it's asking for food. There is something odd though- where are it's eye? I mean, it's probably something obvious that I am totally missing, but I can not seem to find it's eyes. Or maybe they just don't look much like eyes. I have never seen a cat in that position- usually they're much more dignified than that, lol. But I have actually seen dogs laying like that- they look so silly. I like the color scheme, with all the shades of grey and then with the pink and the yellow.|
(I don't do these often, but I'll give it a shot) The colors don't clash much, and the values of the picture are pretty good. The wings were what caught my eye when I saw this piece. They would be too small to support this guy in flight, there does not seem to be enough muscle at the base of the wing where it attaches to the body which would also prevent it from being capable of flight. Another thing I learned a few years back (from paperiapina's dragon guide on her dA) when I drew dragons a lot more often was that the membrane on the wings needs to be attached to the body, not just with bats, but on birds as well. (Here's an example of it www.harunyahya.com/image/Darwi… ) Another thing I noticed was the lack of variety in scales. The sizes and shapes of scales varies over an animal's body. (look at this guy here: cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get… Along the torso, tail and neck, the variety would not be as great as it would be on the face. In regards to facial anatomy it looks pretty good, but the bottom jaw looks a little thin. (Eep, hopefully I wasn't too annoying. I hope this helps.)|
Wow,what a truly splendid piece! This is WAY better then those ones sold in stores...I do wish I had this!I love the violet eyes and tail,as well the cutie mark.It looks EXACTLY like the cute purple unicorn from the show!Only thing is...the snout looks a little too short.But the rest is a unique plushie!I'm just so jelly right now,I wish I had it!The posing is brilliant and the colors match just perfectly,as well as it fits just with her personality.I do love the style you have there,as well!It has to be one of the most best plushies ever!Very fin work!|
I love it! I mean first off the color truly fits with the theme. Then the theme itself is mind blowing and highly original. The technique of how this very beauty was made is god-like and the impact, very strong indeed. I'm in love with it. The vision itself is truly outstanding and breathtaking. I shall make this as something to live by. I mean the simplicity yet complexity of the bikini is truly inspired. If I lived in the olden times, I would say it's artificial (meaning it's good) (I already had two nightmares involving a flood and giant bugs. Please don't kill me)|
Good God... It's beautiful... Very well done! I love your cosplays! I really like the pose! I'm not sure if it's a character from a movie or TV show or comic book, but you did a really excellent job! I kind of wish you did a full body thing so I could see the full costume, but that really is a nice cosplay! I hope you keep up the awesome work! :3 From Kaizelle :3 P.S: My friend has some pretty good cosplays as well! You should look at some :3 Again, awesome job as usual~! You should get a Daily Deviation...|
I like this picture. But is this an image reference for an OC? I think that if this were in color, it would better describe the appearance of the OC. For example, is her hair blonde? White? Gray? Pink? And what is her eye color? Anyway, I still like the pic but you'd best put this in a bio so that people can know your OC a little better. So yeah. That was my critique. I hope you agree, and if you don't, I won't hold that against you. RANDOMNESS! Yay~ Thank you for making this! :3 Best Wishes, piggynpillow890|
I really Love this one its so cute! I love the colours and your use of text texture is great particularly on the tail. I especially love the wings particularly the swirl it kind of reminds of Greek mythology for some reason ... Anyway I would say it could be better if your lines were smoother but you have told me before that you are restricted with paint perhaps you should try a new soft ware sai, gimp perhaps or I use art rage and would recommend it to you. But as always great work . this one is probably my fave.|
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen it is inspiring to all peoples and it is shiny beyond belief it has no face therefore making it all the more wondrus and the use of color is epical the amount of epicosity is beautiful and the pink and purples make it even more amazing good job this is the most beautiful thing anybody could ever make and two year olds can not come close to how amazing this is it should be hanging in the most prestigious art gallery in the world in fact I tried to get it into one but they said no THEY HAVE NO SENSE OF ART AND BEAUTY HOW RUDE THEY ARE. all in all, this is wonderful *dramatic look, tears of joy*|
This is an excellent picture! The wings look great, fantastic job! I love the colors and the fact that you drew him from the stomach. (I struggle with that) Though I see a lot of improvement there are a few things I could say about this piece. It would have looked even better if you added a bit of shading below the cat (seeing that the sun is above it) and added a faint sunbeam mark coming over its wings I love this picture and im super proud of the improvement ! :3 keep this up, you are doing great! Love|
I really like this piece of artwork, its very creative. You don't know whats exactly going on there, which makes it even more exciting. The artwork itself is saying "Im just as confused as you are; in a good way." Its also very realistic with the face and the position its sitting in effects the cuteness even more to the viewer. If i had my own money I would of course buy this as a canvas. A little tip is to make the background a little bit more colourful so it attracts the viewers eye. Well done. Very, very good|
I find this to be a very interesting photo. We see these types of pictures all the time. Beautiful model, dramatic background. Etc, etc, etc... So I'm not going to comment on the standard aspects of the genre. What I find remarkable is the execution and artistry of it. The low level of the shot emphasizes the textures of the muddy plain beautifully. it also allows for a more consistent reflection from the sky. The model does an excellent job, using her eyes to pull the viewer in. Having taken pictures for years, the biggest question and compliment I have is: "How the hell did you get the depth of focus?" It goes on forever. Fantastic job.|
.....just wow, ok first of all I never as in never comment on this type of thing XD but like I told you before, the only reason of why I loved this is because of the tattoos and him flicking us off XD The tattoos are so cool awesome, they are just to out there I want to get myself like them.....not for real XD The shading and lineing are very awesome! I really love how they are sort of realistic (that goes for the abbs) you are great at drawing an anatomy, especially with muscles As for his pose, it's very cool and badass...for me that is XD it looks as if he is leaning on his tendrils, also I don't think it's a good idea to approach him at this time......or rather at any time XD The fact that he is flicking us means he will take his revenge for being in this state XD All in all this drawing is spactaculer!|
Words cannot describe the utter beautiful beauty and beautiful beautifulness of this beautiful creature. He is so beautiful that it hurts my eyes and turns everyone's nipples into diamonds. Literal, actual, diamonds. They fall off and are sold on the black market for $42069. Thanks, obama. This is why we arent dolphins yet, banging pots and rainbows with giant goose dicks and fencing with said goose dicks. The fact that we haven't been able to comprehend our reality and the fact that eggs really DO rule the world is maddening. So, very, absolutely maddening. I have even comprised a poem about madness: Eggs horses communism spelling bees computers plant dicks What have they in common? I don't fucking know Ask UR MOM LooOOOOL -Me Why do we hold guns if we cant just be using them to shoot water oR SODA THATD BE PRETTY COOL MAn and sherks I mean shreks, I swear to drunk I'm not god. But, this is america. America has a significant lack of freedom. and goose dicked dolphins. They could be us someday. So yeah, 10/10 would bang.|
Holy taco raging beam! This looks amazing Prosh. I just love the way it was animated, very smooth and the physics were just...orgasmic~ I really like how you set the stages, it fit in pretty well. Some effects could have been modified tho, like that special ability Crash did. I enjoyed watching it, it was funny and entertaining. And what the heck was that spicy chicken wing doing there?! >:v Anyways, here are the ratings I give you: Vision: 5 out of 5.5 tacos Originality: 5 leafs out of 10 pokeballs Technique: A Rank (If you collect all the coins you get an S rank btw) Impact: You can say it was....SHOCKING!|
I just love this picture. The golden glow of the upper part contrasted with the stark black outlines of the bottom. I also really like the fact that there is nothing in this pic to date it. It could be any time period. The apparent crenelations of the buildings make this appear to be medieval, while the modern mind perceives them for the buildings that they are. The hazy, dream like quality of the photo, combined with classical artistic elements, congeal into a stunning photo. Timeless and beautiful. This photo brings to mind the romantic past, the dawn of the meeting between East and West.|
Very well done. Adorable is the best way to describe it. But I would like to just point out that Arcanine is more of a fire wolf than a tiger. It has "canine" in it's name so it's a dog. You should have used a Pokemon like Luxray or Liepard. And you should also use Infernape or Chimchar for the Monkey. But othher than that this is very well done and adorable. I woul digve it a 9/10. My only problems were stated before and I could easily overlook them becuase, Pokemon is amazing and fuck you if you say it's not.|
I didn't know you draw meushi Mattie too. you know, I like this cow girl as much as you do. Matsu sensei is an awesome guy at deviantart, you known that. uh, hey oxdarock, can you make another piece of art of Mattie the cowgirl with her nipples showing? She is the second girl I like at deviantart. man, I like those huge humongous breasts she got. you and Matsu sensei are both great and awesome guys!! and I am also a fan boy of big boobs too. and she is one of my favorite busty characters in here too.|
I like this picture. I like the artwork, the way it's portrayed. It seems like a lot of work was put into it, and I would bet that there was. The only reason I write this critique is because of a very minor detail that initially left me rather quizzical: Megaman's face. Megaman is not only a sort of boy-ish character, but he is also someone who does not wish for violence. He's a more passive character (in my opinion). In short, I simply would have liked this a bit more if Megaman were a bit less excited about the whole ordeal. I see him as a person who fights because he has to, not because he wants to. In this image, it seems as though he's fighting because he likes to fight. And Megaman isn't that sort of a fighter. Other than that, great work! I love the art style. It's really detailed, and gives a sort of chaos-like feel to the image. I... actually haven't played the original Megaman. However, I've played Maverick Hunter, Starforce, and some of Netforce Warrior, and since Megaman's only recent appearance will be on Super Smash Bros., it's nice to see him in something that reminds me of how epic he is. A warrior who can take on anyone. Maybe I'm just being a bit too dramatic with my nostalgia. Nonetheless, good work. I like it. Keep drawing. I'll be watching.|
Vision: Great. Anna looks both adorable and sexy, and her modern clothing matches her personality. I love the expression on her face, and the hint of cleavage is a nice touch. Originality: Good. I've seen plenty of "modern Annas," but I don't think I've seen one like this before. Technique: Excellent. Anna's cheeks look rosy and soft, her skin looks smooth and silky. Her hips are nice, too. And, again, her expression is just great. The smile is really cute. Impact: ADORABLE! Which is what I'm guessing you were going for. Love the concept, love the execution, and the background as well. Here's hoping you do one of Elsa in which she looks just as happy as Anna does here.|
You said in your description "Read into it as you will" but, you see, that is my curse. When beautiful poems and six word stories and lyrics are laid out in front of me, I read far to into it. This poem really had me thinking. Not only does it straight away inform the reader that the person who's point of view the poem is from is devious or sinful, it prompts the reader to wonder why the person is more of a devil than a saint and, further, who is this person who seems naive enough to believe that this devil like mind is a saint? Whats more is why are they trusting this person? Why are they naive? The poem opens up a whole load of ultimate questions. I love this because it's simple. You got the story across immediately in a word count of 13, something very commendable.|
Well I thought you could be cute... You did both cute and exciting at the same time. Cool... This realistic chibi style may need to be developed more but you have a pretty good foundation for what you are trying to achieve. It is Naruto I see... I need to read that manga... The swords are done nicely.. But the nose spoils it a little. All in all needs work but you definitely have a future in the anime chibi field if you work it a little! Vision: A little bit rushed I believe... But good Just needs more work! Originality: Nicely done... But still could have been better! Technique: You did well for what looks like your first time... At least in a while! Impact: You did what you set out to do!|
You sir! You deserve a ten-star rating for your work, however, I can only go up to five. Everything about these dragons shows that you put an absurd amount of care and creativity into them. I love the details, and it probably helps that I love dragons as well! However, I would enjoy it more if they weren't so darkened, even though it does add to the idea of "towering fire blasting angry beasts that are now going to mess you up" type of dragon. But this drawing deserves a daily deviation and I would only unfave it just so I can fave it again!|
The chapter begins with the chamber being eerily silent but the ponies seem to be in good condition. In fact this time Rarity was able to heal all of them with her Generosity, not just herself. Shining, Cadence and the interviewers are still there and everything could be happy if it wasn’t for one teeny tiny thing: Chrysalis is still alive and neither turned into a statue nor is part of some constellation. Both could have happened. Luna was trapped inside the Moon when her Nightmare self was blasted with the Elements. There question is where you would seal the Hunger. After all Luna had a location connected to herself but Chrysalis didn't have something similar. A statue transformation would have also been an option since Discord did sense the influence of his family inside the Changeling but it appears the gambit of the selfish Queen was successful. She shreds her body like a cocoon and from the way she does so it is clear that she is still disgusted by her (former) Changeling body. The eyes are still green and she now has a rather frightening cutie mark (possibly the one she had back when she was a zebra but that could have been something different since what she did as a zebra to gain it was related to deception and acting, not to the Hunger) but besides that Chrysalis has become a copy of Cadence. She doesn’t merely look like her but has truly changed into an Alicorn with the powers of the three tribes now hers as well. The true Alicorn of Harmony is understandably completely disturbed by this turn of events. However her twin seems slightly more stable then before, downright happy about her transformation. Chrysalis is surprised that the Alicorn truly doesn’t remember her lives before the current one and neither knows of her remaining immortal family nor of her actions in the Crystal Empire. Then Chrysalis shows her true colors by mercilessly firing one of her feathers at somebody watching nearby. It turns out that Dicord was genre savvy enough to warn Diamond Tiara but the corrupted filly did hesitate and in turn is hit by the harmonic attack. It is pretty clear that she is dying and Umbra Breeze is quite happy about this tragedy. He loves the idea of Golden Tiara never finding her beloved daughter again and Chrysalis eventually learning that because of the link between Sweetie and Diamond, she ended up killing the one filly she liked. But Discord is quite protective about Diamond Tiara and demands that Umbra Breeze does save her or he will not fulfil their deal. Chaos incarnate calmly points out that his cousin is bond to his word and letting Discord do the direct work is the only away around this promise to Entropy. So Diamond Tiara is saved and Discord’s reaction was strangely similar to how Dark World!Fluttercruel did react when she saw her father dying. It seems that he cares more for Diamond then he wants to admit. But the filly has yet to complete her own transformation, the next time she will not fall that easily. At the same time Discord and Umbra Breeze did end up saving Sweetie Belle’s life as well which might backfire on their plan later on. Now Chrysalis takes the time to explain how she was born from Cadenza when the Light of Existence was separated from the Alicorn but since Cadenza did make the choice to be reborn as well, there ended up being two of them. Through technically Chrysalis is more of a child then a twin sister in this relationship, a bit like a Nobody from the Kingdom Hearts Series. She was an empty shell left behind that grew a new life as well while Cadence is the true, more mature Cadenza. Twilight and Shining Armor quickly comfort the shocked Alicorn about this sudden revelation. It was Chrysalis last resort for a reason since all her previous plans would have a much better success rate. But the heroes did end up ruining all of her other schemes, eventually forcing her to play this card. It was her reason to NOT kill Applejack or Cadence but it did end up leaving loose ends behind that backfired spectacularly on the Changeling Queen. There is no perfect plan and leaving herself other options open did ironically make it harder for her to finish the rune plan that didn’t require the Elements of Harmony or Cadence. But to be fair she had to improvise countless times so it is no wonder that some of her emergency plans were less refined. Ironically her first plan was to slowly break all of Cadence so she could devour her completely and join with her. The fact that her plan is eerily similar to what Discord once did to the good inside him is lost on her. But Prince Blueblood did end up ruining this plan by saving his cousin, then the heroes ruined the rune plan (several times) and her plans for Sweetie Belle were ruined when Scootaloo and Rarity were able to restore the mind of the filly back to normal. But Chrysalis’s crimes remain even after becoming a god, she is a kidnapper, she is a murderer and only because of the hard work of others didn’t she end up killing thousands when she threw the soldiers out of this city, set up executions, activated bombs near her own troops and started a war that could end with the extinction of the Changelings. A lot of other plans also went nowhere ranging from trying to devour the regalia or the bearers, to assimilate the rainbow of light using the regalia as protection or trying to devour one of them after going Nightmare. The last one was pretty insane considering that most Nightmares keep their distance from their targets and just looking at Nightmare Mirror would have likely rendered Chrysalis helpless from all the painful truths she denied all this time. Being forced to face them all at once would have killed her inside, Applejack’s one attack was clearly painful enough. Her creepy actions before were intended to motivate them into blasting her with Harmony since they could have just as well merely broken all of her legs and dragged her into the next prison. Not to mention that the transport of the regalia was way too obvious, they were meant to find them and that is also the reason that there was no trap inside. The irony is that in case Sweetie Belle would have been with them… she wouldn’t have been able to do this plan. Instead she would have offered her spirit to her to let the filly become the new Queen of Changelings instead. Then the battle would likely already been over at least as long as Sweetie Belle was able to contain this power without going insane. After all we have seen a world where Maua went insane with the very same power, Chrysalis might have turned the filly into a monster without even wanting to. Rarity calmly points out that there was another far less risky option: Just surrender, she saw countless alternate worlds, Chrysalis knew that the ponies would neither kill her if there were other options nor plan to drive the Changelings to extinction. In fact she could still surrender since she doesn’t really care for the Changelings anyway and she got her godhood. She is immortal now, she can just sit out her punishment no matter how many years she gets. Chrysalis claims that heroes would not be called out for their reckless actions if they win in the end but actually the CMC were called out for their careless actions even if they did turn out well. Twilight however got more criticism since her actions didn’t get the results she had hoped for, if she had brought back Shining and Sweetie Belle, her friends would have a much harder time to critique her. Chrysalis brags about her accomplishments while Rarity coldly points out that it is the same for every living being, they all have to work for what they own. Chrysalis is naïve to think that she is the only one who had it rough. In the end there is nothing to do with her immortal life, she has no goals, nobody to share it with, all this time she worked so hard for something that is the exact opposite of what she really wants. Celestia did warn her, the Alicorn of the Sun knew that an immortal life is a lonely one and Chrysalis former and planed actions did ensure that all immortal families hate her. The Alicorns hate her for what she has done to three of them and the Draconequi will hate her for what she has planed for Pandora. Sentient life is more then just surviving and an immortal life like this would be awfully boring and dull. Chrysalis did create a fate worse then death for herself. By this point the arrogant Queen no longer hides her own racist hatred for the Changelings, viewing them as inferior to every other tribe and just plain ugly. As Chrysalis openly admits her own selfishness Twilight wonders if the fallen being before them was already born as a Nightmare, being completely devoured by her own selfishness before she even came to this world. Then on a whim Chrysalis decides to keep her promise to Sweetie Belle and let her become a Changeling Queen instead to remake the Changelings into something that is bearable to watch. Cadence is disgusted by this childish and arrogant view of what it means to be a ruler or a god, rulers are responsible for their subjects like gods are responsible for their concepts, both provide the groundwork for others to live their lives. A selfish person like Chrysalis is both a horrible ruler and a horrible god, she is everything Cadenza hated when she started her battle with the concept of Magic. However Cadence is still scared by her past and suddenly awakening to something that is much larger then her mortal life frightens her. The irony is that while Chrysalis isn’t frightened, she does lack understanding what an immortal life means, both are incomplete in their own ways, through overall Cadence might be a bit closer to fully comprehend it. Then Chrysalis decides to do the smart thing and just leave. That is actually the most pragmatic thing to do since the best way to change her destiny would be to avoid the battle completely. And the heroes might have bargained to let her leave if she had in turn cleaned up her own mess or took responsibility for her crimes, she is immortal after all. They could imprison her for 1000 years and she would still have all eternity left to go out and have fun. However Shining’s shield is no longer able to hold her since he is too weak from everything she forced on him and Cadence did accidentally show her a way past his shield. But even now Chrysalis isn’t a Mary Sue, her plans didn’t simply play out despite the fact that they shouldn’t have worked. The arrogant Queen still had to play by the rules of the setting and just being a powerful, evil and unlikeable being doesn’t make you a Mary Sue, that makes you the villain. And Applejack can see that there is a price to pay to become a goddess, she did chose to become an Alicorn of Harmony so she is no longer able to ignore the bonds and feelings of others, she has gained a conscience. All this time her psychopathic mind allowed her to torment, kill and torture others without second thoughts but now she is able to feel empathy. The farmer calmly points out that her master plan could always only have this result and Chrysalis suddenly feels the pain she made everybody go through especially her own subjects. Everybody present reacts differently to this sudden reveal. Pinkie Pie hopes that there is still a chance for a peaceful solution. Fluttershy knows how insanity can twist your desires into extremes while Rainbow Dash is happy that Chrysalis now finally gets a taste of her own medicine. Rarity is observant enough to realize that Maua must have been a person that meant a lot to Chrysalis and that Sweetie Belle seems to be a substitute of sorts, yet she doesn't get her hopes too high. The white unicorn suspects that at this moment only Sweetie could talk Chrysalis down. Applejack would rather avoid a battle with an Alicorn right now and while Twilight knows that the monster must be stopped, she would be willing to give a second chance to allow everybody to move on. Considering how much hurt Twilight had to endure from this monster, her thoughts are easily the most selfless but even she has her breaking point. Shining does admit that Chrysalis did hurt herself but at the same time the many others she hurt are more important to him. The interviewers muse that so many villains seek godhood without understanding what it really means, that it is more then just great power but also an extension of the mind. It becomes harder to reject empathy if you suddenly have the mental capability to understand the suffering of those around you in a way that goes far beyond what mortals can do. The death of millions stops being a statistic if you can understand the full meaning. Cadence feels the lost memories of her former existences returning to her and it deeply frightens her to become a different person, which is understandable considering that the Alicorn that fought against Amicitia was a jerk and an extremist. It is ironic how much Cadence has grown since then, she became a much more mature and stable person. But the interviewers remind her that as Harmony she will be the target of many villains, to rule without resistance they need to kill the hope that they could be beaten like King Sombra once tried to. Meanwhile Chrysalis seems truly unable to understand what kind of emotions she is feeling right now and that Maua can not answer her because the zebra is dead. As always when something goes wrong she rejects all possible responsibility and blames it on Pandora and Fate. Then she decides that they only try to talk with her because they want to give Luna more time to return to Canterlot. So she will drain them completely to power herself up and then crush the Alicorn of the Moon even if all of Canterlot will be burned to the ground. She directs her feelings for her Changelings into a different direction and argues that she will still create a kingdom for the Changelings once all the killing is over. If anybody is left alive by this point. She has lost the ability to see that many, many Changelings would fall in this completely avoidable battle, especially since they need love to survive and hate is literally poison to them. The only one who has anything to gain from this is Chrysalis herself. Mercilessly she devours all emotions of Twilight and her friends only to be stopped at the last moment by a much deserved blast to the head. Shining Armor did save his sister and her friends but he isn't done yet and crushes the arrogant Queen with a shield sphere into the ground. Seeing her love in action does snap Cadence back out of her fear and she realizes that she must fight for her friends and loved ones. She has to fight to stop this monster from creating another Dark World. And thanks to Moth the Alicorn realizes that there is a way to stop Chrysalis and her backup plan of drowning Equestria in war. So she asks Shining to guide Twilight and her friends into a different direction and then she tackles Chrysalis outside the castle and two Cadences landing in the middle of a battle does get a lot of attention. Twilight's group would have rushed to her aid immediately but Shining convinces them to trust Cadence, she is not some helpless princess that only exists to be kidnapped. Then much to Chrysalis's shock the Alicorn of Harmony challenges her to the throne of All Changelings. The Changeling Queen mocks this idea as Cadence would need the approval of half of the swarm and had to be related to the current Queen. Thank you a lot for explaining the rules in detail. And because Chrysalis insists to be called Cadenza and refuses to just shapeshift back into her original body, the Changeling Queen can not deny that the two of them are related. Chrysalis has also forgotten that the process is not very rigid (as she herself did prove with Cocoon) and Cadence can gain a lot of support by showing that Changelings can live in harmony with the ponies. Moth and the three siblings are the living proof. Not to mention that Princess Gaia can guarantee that a large group of Changelings lives in Equestria without harming anybody and they are free of any insanity. A huge number of Changelings has nothing to do with these insane invasion plans and would rather continue to live in peace with the ponies. After all it is a much saver and stable way to gain love to survive. And with Applejack as the Element of Honesty to confirms this, the Changelings now know that Chrysalis did lie to the swarm for her own gain. She intentionally hid the truth about the nature of their feeding to keep them under control. The arrogant Changeling Queen has now fallen into the same trap as Cocoon. Backed into a corner she tries to argue that the ponies would never want to live alongside the Changelings if they knew the truth. But many ponies already knew that Moth and the three siblings were Changelings and the better they knew them, the more they began to like the Changelings. Shining and his team are also delighted to be reunited without being forced to battle against each other. But the ponies were already able to befriend and love species that were once a threat to Equestria: Dragons, Griffins, Diamond Dogs, Deer... the list is long. With the help of Applejack's Truth vision Cadence promises that the Changelings will get a fair treatment, crimes will not be forgotten but the races will live together in harmony without war. Unlike her predecessors she will not ignore the far better way to gain love by sharing it, Cocoon and Chrysalis always tried to avoid anything that could make them lose control over their subjects. But Cadence is not like them, she is not a control freak. Unlike Chrysalis she doesn't want to steal the Land of Love for herself but share it with her future subjects. Cadence even promises to at least try to spare Chrysalis in the upcoming battle and the current Changeling Queen could easily avoid all the bloodshed and suffering for her kind if she would just surrender. But the selfish Queen rejects the offer and starts the battle with the same arrogance Cocoon once did. However Cadence is no pushover and is able to repel the assault. Now Chrysalis truly has become Cocoon. Even better is that Princess Luna and her army has returned and they seem to carry some sort of surprise with them. But Cadence rejects the possible backup, she wants to fight by the rules of the Changelings to truly gain the throne unlike Chrysalis who just wanted to murder Cocoon. Twilight is pragmatic enough to send notes to Shining and Luna so that the shield around Canterlot is dropped and the Alicorn of the Night doesn't instantly behead Chrysalis. Meanwhile it turns out that Twinkleshine and Silver Tongue did take down every single Changeling that had attacked the group before including Goliath Beetle. Now this is quite impressive but the two look like they went through hell. Twinkleshine can not even see anything at the moment but the others quickly explain to the two wounded what happened and what is going on. It is too early for a celebration but the final battle is at hand. Overall it did make a lot of sense that Chrysalis could complete her Alicorn state with the aid of Harmony but at the same time other (very unpleasant) results were possible as well. Villains often gain power in the final battle by completely transforming themselves into a more powerful entity unlike heroes who usually become more powerful through experience in an organic way. But even with the newfound power her mind continues to crumble away, the countless setbacks taking their toll on her. Her total inability to admit a mistake just makes things worse for her and she is deeply in denial if she renames herself Cadenza. The Alicorn in question did HATE everybody who uses magic to twist the free minds of others. Cadenza would kill Chrysalis the very instant she learns of her crimes. Chrysalis is more similar to Fluttercruel, a child of a god born under dark circumstances. Fluttercruel was born from Chaos through the mind rape of her mother while Cadenza did spawn Chrysalis through her own death.|
Been a while since critiqued bleach work but still kickass man. People keep on saying this is Toshiro as a zombie or some shit....oh well people he's back dammit. The vision is great but as you said yourself you need work on backgrounds, the background is pretty fuzzy man, could've been clearer. Originality is usually a 5 but I've seen this done by several others man, sorry. Your technique is great though without a doubt. Flawless if you ask me. I love the aura flow on Tshiro's sword. Even the costume change is great as well. The impact is a solid 4, you would've had the perfect score if the background wasn't fuzzy. But all and all you did a great job dude, keep up the good work!|
I'm not sure whether or not this is supposed to be a joke but, as I stated in another of my critiques, I read far too much into things. For me, I interpret this as a sign that every poet - even those who use such minimal words - are geniuses. I am fully aware that I will look like a fool if you meant this as a joke or something similar but I found this really intriguing. Very original and it certainly made me think; although, as I said, I think a little too often sometimes (or most of the time). Nevertheless, I honestly love this.|
You say you are not a visual artist yet you are incredibly skilled at technical drawings. And even the coloring of these are very nice! You actually seem to be quite a good visual artist. Might I suggest, if you feel as if you cannot draw, taking up pixel art? I don't necessarily mean emotes (although they are nice) but more isometric pixel art. There are many tutorials and examples on DA to get you started and there are free programs (such as GIMP and Paint.NET) which you can use to easily create them. I really like these drawings, although they admittedly hurt my head if I peer for too long. The top left is my favourite, especially in terms of coloring, but I think that the shading on the bottom triangle is also pretty awesome.|
The chapter begins with the ponies especially the CMC being happy that Luna did finally arrive while the Changelings fear that the ponies will now have their revenge for the invasion and every crime committed here. The fact that the other ponies and even the Night herself are willing to keep the promise Cadence made does impress the Changelings quite a bit, they have never seen words that powerful. At first Cadence knocks Chrysalis around with a superpowered sonic spell but soon enough the Changeling Queen does the pragmatic thing and crushes her vocal cords with telekinesis. There will be no more songs from the Alicorn of Music. But before the monster can take advantage of the situation, Rarity begins to sing and she is not alone. Her former incarnation Melody is singing with her, it is the song that Melody sung in her mind in the moment she died. The Alicorns can even feel the presence of the perished earth pony alongside Rarity. Melody did return to help Cadence since the Alicorn did aid her friend Patch as Brightglow. In frustration Chrysalis attacks Rarity but Shining Armor stops her from killing another victim. Eventually Cadence sings alongside Rarity much to the total shock of Chrysalis. The Queen did deteriorate a lot from a being calm and in control to a raving animal over the course of the invasion, her setbacks and failures did leave marks on her. She still tries to talk to Maua despite no longer hearing her voice and the fact that the dead zebra can not answer drives her further insane. Even the Changelings notice her deterioration by now. When Chrysalis makes the mistake to do the same attack twice in a row, Cadence counters by using her own telekinesis to fire a rock with the speed of a bullet at the invader. Cadence keeps up the offensive with a light construct shaped into a weapon and while Chrysalis is able to counter with by shaping her own magic into a weapon, Cadence can copy that move as well. Both have the same abilities, the one who will use them the most effective will win. Since Chrysalis did just turn into an Alicorn she doesn't have that much experience to use these new capabilities. On the other side Cadence doesn't have that much combat experience. But she realizes that she isn't the only one worried about these new abilities, Chrysalis did not try to drain Cadence and Shining when she attacked Twilight and her friends because then the two Alicorns would likely merge together and Chrysalis could lose herself. The battle seems pretty even when the other Changelings begin to interfere. The rules allow them to sacrifice themselves to give their Queen all of their love. And Chrysalis could gladly devour them all, she has completely lost it. She has truly become Cocoon by now. The question who would create such backwards rules that favor the current Queen is easily answered: Queen Cocoon herself did create these messed up rules to ensure that she will stay Queen forever. Cadence absolutely refuses to let her own supporters sacrifice their lives to her like this. Actually another interesting question is if this love would actually strengthen Chrysalis at all. After all she turned herself into an Alicorn of Harmony, not Love. She wouldn't be the first one to confuse these two. However the ponies will not stand up as the Changelings commit genocide on themselves and Luna's army and every other pony present begins to stop the Changelings from throwing their lives away. The Changelings are not easy to overwhelm since did get the same training as the Equestrian guards and can counter their attacks to a certain degree. In a normal battle that would not mean instant victory but they just need to push past the ponies to kill themselves. However much to the confusion of Chrysalis and the Changelings the surprise the ponies were carrying here turns out to be: a back-up army in the form of some very loving and chaotic cats. This gives the ponies some time to regroup and Fluttershy, Rarity, Rainbow Dash, Ellis, Applejack, Thunderchild, Trixie, Garnet, Minuette, Gag and Pinkie Pie join the final battle to SAVE the Changelings. The cats are also delighted to see their future goddess alongside them, Pinkie Pie will eventually guide them to recreate the G3 lifestyle when she will become the Alicorn known as Princess Thalia. By now the Changelings realize that the cats are full of love but they are no pushovers. These cats did survive untold years all by themselves, they are perfectly able to defend themselves and the fact that they are basically an entire army of Pinkie Pies makes them quite effective. Similar to their idol they can produce items out of nowhere which can be weaponized against the invaders. And they fight together with the trained soldiers, basically making the entire battle preparation of the Changelings worthless. Chrysalis can not believe that the same beings that only existed to be easily defeated and killed by the Changelings in a comic book are now able to fight as equals. And instinctively Pinkie Pie is defending the cats, this time they know that they can not convince the Changelings, they need to fight. By now the Royal Guards begin to change their combat procedure to be less predictable for the Changelings. And the Elements of Harmony use everything they have left to let Cadence fight the battle without interferences. Pinkie Pie rushes through the enemies and uses her Pinkie Sense to predict their attacks. Twilight is creating a shield to keep them at bay while Fluttershy uses her Stare on every invader who didn't shield their eyes. Rainbow Dash joins forces with the Wonderbolts while Thunderchild and Trixie combine their weather magic to rain lightning down on their opponents. Golden Tiara absolutely snaps that the Changelings could throw their lives away so easily, she is sick of the idea of so many mothers losing their children just so that their leader can become a bit stronger. She takes down countless invaders in her outburst until they learn to FEAR her. Even her song is a depressing version of one of the boss songs from Metal Gear Rising. But Rarity is there to drag her out before she can fall back into insanity again. Diamond Tiara is still out there and she needs her mother more then ever. The mother always tries to dominate the competition but the violence she inflicted on the invaders didn't bring her any happiness. The mere idea that children would throw their lives away like nothing did disgust her to her very core and unleashed the beast inside. Rarity knows this better then most, she has her inner demons as well but she doesn't deny them. In fact she did use them in this battle to help her friends and family and never lost herself. Golden Tiara did really need a friend at a time like this and her condition becomes stable again. Meanwhile A.K. Yearling is watching the battle much closer then most would dare and while she knows that she is no hero, she is using her ability as a writer to chronicle the events. But Pandora is nearby, promising to make her dream true one day. Back at the battle Applejack and Ellis are fighting side by side and take down any Changeling that tries to get past them. AJ's truth vision is certainly useful to knock invaders aside by making them realize what evil they are about to commit. On the other side of the battle Thunderchild as has his first romantic date... meeting with Fluttershy in the middle of a battlefield. And he loves her gentle personality as well as Fluttercruel's ability to be awesome, this might be love at the first battle. Rarity and Gag also meet in the middle of the battle and have a polite conversation while kicking ass. Soon enough they combine his shinobi tricks and her illusion magic to take down a large number of Changelings at once and his fighting has certainly become quite epic. His jokes on the other hand are still horrible. But even Pinkie Pie takes a beating and while Garnet takes care of her injuries, the Changelings still attack them. Yet thanks to the fact that the two of them have experience about rock farming, they are able to strike the ground in such a precise way that it erupts at the Changelings, knocking them out. The cats soon enough come to the aid of their future goddess and for the first time Pinkie Pie has no idea what is going on. Moth and the siblings are delighted to find out that they are not alone and thanks to Fluttershy they know that there are a LOT of Changelings like them in Equestria. The cats seem ready to attack them as well but when they learn that they are with Bon Bon they suddenly move on. At the same time Minuette and Rarity are finally able to talk Golden Tiara down, she might be able to handle the pain but if she continues to fight further, she will damage her body in a way not even an Earth Pony is able to handle. Twilight is also struggling to create a barrier that will keep the Changelings from sacrificing themselves but still leaves enough room for Cadence to battle. Her former assistant Death Stalker rushes at her with unpredictable movements and fast attacks but as he gets close she surprises him with a copy of her brother's flaming horn spell before hitting him with a stun spell. The two of them do respect each other and he is one of the few beings that were even able to stand Twilight when she was corrupted by Chrysalis. Many others found her obnoxious and annoying in that state. But she hates how easily the Changelings are willing to throw away their lives for a person that needlessly endangers their lives. Yet Death Stalker is not the only Changeling she has to fight and eventually she might not be able to keep them at bay without killing them. Then Flash Sentry arrives as her backup and keeps the other Changelings from interfering. Now Death Stalker tries to shapeshift into Twilight's friends to take advantage of their natural skills like fast speed, telekinesis and brute strength. But Twilight has no regrets about fighting against a copy of Applejack, she knows what it is like to fight against her friends from Discord. An imitation is easy to handle. Eventually she is able to knock him out with a very painful kick into his “weakpoint” and a final stun spell. Flash was able to keep the other Changelings busy but by now he needs help himself. And the purple unicorn is more then willing to give it. She can tell that he is not from here from his accent and suspects Columbia which he happily agrees with. Maybe the Pony POV version of him did come from the world on the other side of the mirror or he was sent there as a scout by Princess Celestia to keep an eye on the other world. It would be nice to see Celestia putting effort into learning what the other side of the mirror is like. But before the two have much time to talk, the battle continues. While the wounds of Twinkleshine and Silver Tongue are treated, the hoof maiden is already impatiently awaiting her next fight. Both her vision and magic slowly return to her. Then suddenly Changelings are attacking the medics and wounded. Tragedy is about to repeat itself. But Twinkleshine will NOT lose another friend and charges at the Changeling by turning her entire body into light. When in turn another Changeling tries to attack her, it is Minuette who saves her friend with her time magic. While Twinkleshine fights to protect the lives of her friends when she couldn't do so the last time, Minuette did learn from the downfall of the Master. She knows how important companions are. And they are not alone as Moon Dancer, Lemon Hearts and Lyra join the fray as well. Luna is pragmatic enough to move Twilight to a safer location where Flash can still guard her while letting Spike send a letter to Celestia to track down the captured Alicorn. The Princess would rather avoid fighting here if possible since she knows that she will kill whoever is her opponent. It turns out that the reason the cats came with Luna and didn't attack Moth and her friends was that their goddess did give them an extremely detailed and practical prophecy of things to come. Thinking about it, it is sadly rare that prophecies are this detailed and useful, most are confusing, vague and end up being misunderstood. However it doesn't take Twilight and Luna long to figure out that the cats seem to worship Pinkie Pie and seem to act like an entire army of Pinkie Pies. But for now it is time to rescue Celestia. Overall this was quite a nice continuation of the final battle. Unlike Loneliness, Nightmare Whisper or Discord, Chrysalis is dangerous because she has an army that is willing to die for her. Therefore the heroes have to fight a different kind of battle against them but in this case they are not fighting to finish the Changelings but to save them. All Changelings that would sacrifice themselves to Chrysalis would miss the chance to see the peace Cadence could create for their kind. This was also the big moment for a certain group of cats who – let's be honest – did only exist in the comics to be defeated and devoured by the Changelings. But their Pony POV versions did survive all this time against every invader and under the guidance of their goddess they learned to defend themselves against the devourers of love.|
Wow this is truly beautiful. You got the feelings that impact the picture along with sympathy for the character in my opinion. This looks like it came right out of an animated movie about living your life to the fullest of something. The misty clouds are beautiful along with the high lights and shading. You did a wonderful job on the blood and put it in just the right places. The anatomy of the pony is great. The only issue that I have by my opinion is the horn is placed awkwardly (but that's after a long analysis). I in general love it and hope to see more -Leilani|
I favored this artwork for these reasons alone: This takes place during the 2003 series (my favorite) when Splinter is given characteristics of a loving and protective father, as well as a Ninjitsu Master and teacher. I'm gladly impressed with the expression given on Splinter: wary, protective, and sniffing out any danger that might be near his brood. Even though Splinter doesn't have his usual 2003 design here, he is natural looking and simple. The turtles in this scene are adorable and in ways fit their personalities: Ralph and Mickey leaning to0 far in the sewage, Donnie checking out a piece of sewage he's found, and Leo, showing curiosity and concern for his master. As for the style, I admire that you gave this scene a cartoonish-look, but I also feel a sense of edginess. The shadowy-color, the mysterious glow from the stream and the light shown on Splinter's face sets this mood of mystery. Not to mention that the fact Splinter actually senses something in the picture (and as you've voiced in the description) really gives and anxious air to it also. I feel as if they are going to be attacked are spotted. Well done!|
All in all it seems you did a pretty good job laying this out and putting this together. Considering this is a brand piece I'm going to focus most of my critique on the logo. Also in part the rest of it doesn't really need any critique! The first thing I saw that made me tilt my head and think was the keyhole. It seemed like you would have been able to put the keyhole in the 'D' which would have allowed you to still capture the security aspect yet the 'D' would have still remained functional as a letter. To a much lesser degree I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about the heat waves coming off of the mug. My initial thought was it's such a bold and vibrant logo but then there are smaller heat wave lines coming off of the mug. Almost as if they were an afterthought? Not to suggest they're necessarily bad or misplaced but they seem to pale in comparison to the rest of the logo. Unfortunately I wasn't able to see the process beforehand and the logo options you already explored. For all I know you exhausted those options and landed with the best one you could, the one you have now. But if you hadn't I thought it was worth at least mentioning! All in all it appears you did you homework, laid this out accordingly and ended up with a fantastic design. Besides my logo knit-picking I don't think there is much else I would change about this, kudos!|
When looking at this photo from a distance, you see a well taken shot of a very pretty flower. The use of the filter also enhances the photo further. Unfortunately, some interest is lost as one looks at the photo up close. I'm not sure if this is on purpose, but the flower is blurry. Especially in the center of the flower, it just looks like the camera wasn't held very still. the key to taking photos like this is to get a very crisp image. If it was blurry on purpose, my personal opinion is that using that effect on a closeup of a flower wasn't the *best* idea. Aside from that shakiness, the photo isn't bad!|
Although this artist is infallible in my eyes I believe I can still write a heart felt and honest critique of this work she has just submitted! I have been a lifelong fan of Charlie Chaplin. I began dressing as The Tramp when the opportunity arose. Halloween parties mostly. That was almost 40 years ago and I just recently put together the best costume yet! But this is not about me. This is about this wonderful rendition of Charlie Chaplin that only Sara could do. Sara likes to call him Cha-Cha. I think he would like that. She has captured the heart and soul of The Little Fellow. This is a wonderful tribute to the greatest screen artist ever in my opinion. And lots of others. Yes, she has captured his heart and soul. Mine too as a matter of fact! great job Sara!|
Wonderful painting. I think you captured the woodland feel with the dark, earthy colours, and then there's that soft, light blue. This contrast suggests both day and night to me, and how the forest adopts two characteristics; enchanting in the day, perhaps spooky at night. Perhaps that's a little in depth, but that's what I got from this. You've gotten the appearance of the plants spot on, I think. The moss atop the rocks blends in nicely, looking soft and hair-like, whilst the coniferous (if I'm correct) plants look more pointed and stark. The lighting on the rocks is great. And the swirling waters... really lovely. Perhaps I'd like to see the tops of the trees as it almost feels incomplete, but I see that's not the focus here. Otherwise, no real criticisms.|
Everything about this drawing is great! The colors, the style, all just light-hearted and cute! Watercolor works well for Jeanette, as she is an adorable character. And the absurd amount of detail tells me that this wasn't just cobbled together in one day, you put a lot of effort into this! Good Job! However, other than the sheer cuteness of the drawing, I didn't feel a lot of impact, but the cute style AND cute character did more than enough to do all of the impact that could be done in such a simple, yet effective drawing. Again, I must say, good job!|
So this is a very nice work of art. The pose and shading are very unique and you have done very well with this. I say it is a big improvement from most of your other works and the background needs a bit of work. The shading is good and the line work looks nice. I think one of the only issues would have to be with the pose... Not that there is anything wrong but just the way the head is rested makes it seem very uncomfortable for the character. But overall this piece is very well done and you should keep it up.|
This piece is stunning, the colors are so vibrant and brilliant. Her visible eye is such a beautiful color, the mascara draws attention to her eyelashes and then from there the viewer looks upon her stunning green eyes. You wonder what she is looking at so intensely, you want to see more, its as if this image could open a story. The fabric that covers her is so colorful and it makes the visible details of her face stand out. The picture is stunning the blurry background provides quite the excellent contrast. It defines the focal point of the picture, and the focal point would be the beautiful model. Excellent photo.|
When I first saw this, I felt a lot of pain. (Maybe because I am so full of empathy.) For me, I think that she is sad because she doesn't have a cutie mark. The expression on her face, and the tears from her eyes, make me want to cry! I like the background of snow and darkness. The black abyss of being alone and the "odd one out". The overall piece was amazing! I want to see more like this. The character design was plain and simple I love it! I hope you can do more of these! My Emotion: I loved It!|
And The Morning Sun Touched Her Face A Last Time, I find to be an exquisite piece of art that is modern but reflecting classical pieces in museums. The Vision of this art gives a perspective of one last sunrise this person will ever see because she approaches death. The Originality of this artwork I feel that I have seen this style somewhere before but I can't put my finger on it; and yet it feels unique to me. The Technique of this work is flawlessly done and can find no fault with it from its lighting to its colors. The Impact of this art evokes strong feelings of beauty and death intermingled giving into the horror of our mortality.|
There's a lot of things about this particular piece that are very good. While there are some noteworthy aspects, there are also some flaws. There were many positively excellent things about this artwork. I am particularly fond of the beautiful reflection which distorts 23 and the rose slightly, like a watery reflection should. I also like the faint glow coming from 23's feet and body, showing that there is some minor source of light reflecting off of it; the shading and lighting were spot-on. Lastly, I loved the beautiful detail of the surface 23 is standing on. From the cracks to the small speckles, the attention to detail here was simply fantastic. Moving on to the flaws: I feel like the rose wasn't given much attention to detail, and this CAN be a sort of bad thing, considering it draws the 2nd most attention, 2nd only to 23 (who also could've had a little more detail I suppose, since she is the main attraction). While the shading was perfect, I believe more time could've been put into the rose. This was the only flaw I could find, which is exceptionally great! I gave "Vision" 4.5 stars only because of the one flaw; the rose's lack of detail. I gave "Originality" 4 stars because the OC 9 poster idea has been used several times so it wasn't EXACTLY your idea, but the originality of YOUR poster was very tasteful. I gave "Technique" 5 stars because the way you drew this picture was simply wonderful; the body proportions were perfect and the amount of skill put into this is great! I gave "Impact" 4 stars because I feel any person who is a 9 fan and sees this piece will remember it for a very long time. I'm a 9 fan and will surely remember this piece of art for at least a month, but someone who isn't a fan of the movie might only remember it for a week's time. Overall, wonderful work; keep it up!|
Overall, the image looks pretty good. You see nice use of blue and purple, which are both beautiful colors. The coloring isn't bad at all. Unfortunately, another thing one will notice upon first looking at her, is that she looks very stiff. I can't offer you too much advice on this considering I have the same problem often, but I'm thinking it's just the straightness of the pose. If you know what I mean. Apologies for not being able to explain much better than that OTL The other thing that isn't so great is the large amount of... stuff. The blue on her legs and the drops on her arm are a bit distracting. I understand that's part of her design but that's jut my personal opinion. Also, the amount and placement of the highlights somewhat make the clothes look like inflatables. Again, just my personal opinion. Otherwise, nice job!|
This piece is stunning, the colors are so vibrant and brilliant. Her visible eye is such a beautiful color, the mascara draws attention to her eyelashes and then from there the viewer looks upon her stunning green eyes. You wonder what she is looking at so intensely, you want to see more, its as if this image could open a story. The fabric that covers her is so colorful and it makes the visible details of her face stand out. The picture is stunning the blurry background provides quite the excellent contrast. It defines the focal point of the picture, and the focal point would be the beautiful model. Excellent photo.|
All I can say is 'wow' to this photograph. The beauty of this magnificent animal was truly captured by you. As someone who enjoys taking photos, I can for sure say that it can be difficult to capture a still when the subject is moving. The lighting was very well done, and the fox really contrasts with the background; I like that a lot. You can clearly see the determination on its face to get rid of that annoying itch. When I saw this, I smiled and felt all warm and fuzzy inside, just like the fox is. Overall, this is a beautiful picture.|
The light in the background looks heavenly, the dark power line and the wires, they have the element of contrast against the natural sky background. Putting it in black and white makes this image unique and rather original, it stands out better. Its eye and catching and the black and white adds an appeal that you can't achieve with color. The image is juxtaposition between natural and manmade creates a positively stunning image. The picture is clear, the power pole and lines are defined as the focal point, and the background is complimenting and doesn't act as a distraction to the viewer. This is an excellent image.|
This panda is a cute adorable mammal that stares at you with those lovable eyes. It looks like what I would find on the Internet, but better! How could you not think it's actually an adorable cartoon panda? Even thought there's no background, I think this art trade was fabulously and thoroughly thought of. The pose! With a bamboo between it's lips, how can it not look hungry and adorable? A nice black-and-white panda tweaked a bit in for the pose and made into cartoon style, this panda is certainly what I would use in a project about pandas. Gives you a feeling that bears aren't so dangerous after all.|
If something is rather enchanting about this creature, it would be the fact that it was fused with many incredible animals. This cutie can swim and fly andbe on land. If that isn't cool enough, it's CUTE! The cute pose helps by making it own a cute curled-up pose, like a sleeping cat or dog would have. Despite the cuteness, the goggles make this creature look extremely smart. Maybe smart enough to fly a plane! I think it was well designed. The only thing that bothers me is the wings. Maybe it's because i'm unsued of seeing it over by that position. Otherwise, good job!|
Such a cool style :3 I love how you captured the emotion. You used a simple yet stunning design to accent the unique qualities of the cat. Your lines are so crisp and smooth! I love it! AHH. I also love how you included angular and natural lines in the picture, using angles for the chest and snout and smooth natural lines for the rest. I also love your choice of coloring, its just really awesome in general :333 (I've run out of things to say.. ahh I love the eyes and the fluff, and the paws. OMAGOSHH the paws are so dainty and ahh..) Yay! there ya go!|
Wow, what an adorable, fuzzy little bunny! I absolutely love your use of graphite and the texture that you created with it. What kind of rabbit is it, though? Did you have a visual that you looked at as you drew it? I absolutely adore the eye and the muzzle, and the whiskers were nicely drawn. So were the ears, they were nicely depicted, but it looks like one is pointier than the other (its left ear), as well as thicker at the base. The way you curved the left ear made me look at it like it was bigger and wider than the right ear. To me, thee left ear is shaped like a leaf more than a petal (the right ear looks petal-shaped, lol). I really like the shading especially around its neck -- you do want the rabbit to have a neck, after all, and you outlined that very well! Also, another reason why I asked what breed of rabbit this is is because you didn't draw a tail for it, so I was wondering. C: But overall, wonderful work! <3|
First off, this is pretty cool! I'll start with pros c: I really like the setting and theme of it, it looks menacing and scary. I love the skull creatures design, he looks snazzy with that classy blue tie eh? I want to talk about his skull though. You did well on the canine anatomy, the teeth look good. I love the blood oosing (Oosing? you know what I'm trying to say aha) from it. I also love the eyes, the fact that you added a nice glow to it plus that spec of yellowish green to the "pupil" tops it off well. I also like the blue streak coming from out behind it. Anyways, the skull looks great. Probably my favorite part of this piece haha, I like skulls a little too much The shading looks really nice, if you really want to show off detail you should define the fur a little bit more. (usually just add lighter colored strokes to the character instead of lining fur details.) The background seems to bit a bit messy (I know thats probably the point) but try to make it a little bit more clear. The people viewing it may not entirely know whats going on other then one canine is being confronted by some sort of demon. I'm guessing the black things protruding behind the demon are tentacle like things? Maybe sort of what Slenderman has? Correct me if I'm wrong. So I don't want to make this TOO long, I know its already pretty long but yeah. So, the skull looks really good, shading is nice, the theme is cool. Define the fur a bit more (Optional) and make the background a little more clear c: All in all I really like this!|
I keep critiquing your work, oy! Promise I'm not stalking you. Anyways, wow. This is nice! First off, I just love the composition of this. The bright yellow flower surrounded by the darker pink ones is great. Lots of contrast, plus the dark center of the yellow flower just draws one's attention right where it needs to be. The focal flower is crisp, which is good! Except that some of the outer edges of the petals are blurry. That's something you may want to avoid. Though to be honest that's the only complaint I have. Beautiful flowers, great photo, amazing colors... I hope to see more!|
Okay ypu want critisisem i will give you it let`s see okay for starters i love it is a familiar subject of weapons and aiming so it makes you liv it but there is something that bothers me the perspective of the gun is little bit failing as you can see it yourself if you look at the weapons targeting sight thingy i don`t know but it is little off but that is the only thing that bothered me nothing else and then we come to the paerson you have done everything right about the person so pretty much you have made an piece of AWOSOME please don`t hate me for this critigue...Mixs calls it today|
Alright again with starting with the pros c: I really like the blueish green background, it fits nicely with this character! I love the textures on the character to define scales or more of rough skin. The eyes are really nice, however, it would be even better if you added the light streaks that a pupil would have of a lighter green color? Making it really faint but still noticeable would be best, I personally think it makes the eyes pop more. I also like the large light specs floating around the image, it adds a nice touch to it. Something I would change though would to be to make the image a little bit lighter, some areas are very bright and then is has a harsh switch to almost completely black. I would suggest making it a bit brighter so I can see the other details. I can barely tell that theres black (horns?) where his hair is, and the details around it. So the only thing I would focus on fixing is how dark you make some areas ^^ Other then that I really like it! Keep up the good work.|
This artwork reminder me of sandopolis Zone in classic sonic games even I hate the zone I wan't forget the look on Tails face tails was all like G-g-ghost!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!!! also reminder me of Tails nightmare for sum reson love the artwork by the way I forget what game is zone at sorry about that I wish I coulnd sig a song for this and you ever dream to work with Sega i just saying also making me funny so hard that I counldn't breather and i still lol right now on the inside so keep it up the azaments artworks girl|
OOOO I love, love, love, love this!! It definitely catches the memorable moment from My Neighbour Totoro very well and I adore how you have done it! As a child I too grew up with Studio Ghibli pieces such My Neighbour Totoro and Spirited Away and to see them recreated everyday on DeviantArt makes me soooo happy! I love how you have done the light in the background of the setting sun and the thankfulness on Satsuki's face to see her sister once more. Also gotta love Totoro's big happy smile to see the sister's reunited after a long hard search through the area.|
So far best new work I have seen in photo capture. The shutter speed for anti motion captured the entire plane . as well I appreciate an artist who has given out a small presentation to theis show bird. But one flaw remains in the presentations of your description. Shoes bird does this belong to, a division, squadron, war time or history in the rewards types like this have gone through . Also for photo repair their was a tad bit of glare just at the top of the planes nose. I believe their are filters and restores for this. Also color once increase to give off the true colors through that weather. The harsh Critiquer|
Well, let me just start on saying that this is an amazing piece! The design of this wolf is nearly perfect, its anatomy is beautiful. The legs, body, head and tail look completely natural. The fur, like always, is truly amazing, and, again, looks like something you would find on a real wolf because it looks and falls in a way that looks completely natural. The outline, which although is very well done, can be a bit prominent at times. Have you considered doing the art without the outline? That shading! Although it is a bit subtle, looking closer it is truly amazing. The details seem to pop out of the screen at me! I rank Jack's design and originality highly. I really like the glowing mouth, eyes, and nose. (the nose is my favorite! haha...) I especially like the shading around them. And now for the background! I LOVE the Jack-o-Lanterns! They are so adorable and their shading is beautiful... (even if it is simple) The fence is cute, too. Looking close, I can see it has little lines. The trees in the background are very nice, but personally I think they are too similar in color to Jack, although that was probably the point to get Jack to blend in with his surrounding. Looking close, I can see a few stars and two or tree shafts of moonlight, which add a nice touch.|
This piece has the impact of being hit by a freight train, you simply can't pass by an image like this its stunning. The placement of her hands, and how her fingers curl, add to the image. The way you can see her ribs and spine are beautiful. The position of her body portrays pain, as if she's trying to conceal herself from something very awful. You don't always need to show a face to show emotion, and this image it captures many emotions. This is a picture that embodies the expression a picture says a thousand words and this piece most certainly says a thousand words. Excellent image it is very well done.|
I've always liked meet works made in pastel technique; since impressionism is one of the most interesting artistic styles of interpretation for myself. So, when I discovered that you watched me, I decided to pass me by your gallery and this was the job that I liked more! Your Blue Church shows an instant visual impact determined largely by the excellent use of perspective with two vanishing points that confront us with the edge of the Cathedral, creating a feeling of overwhelming depth. Also, the the colors used were very well chosen, combining low saturation in the Cathedral and high saturation at the bottom to create a contrast that manages to stand out from the central element of the painting. In terms of technique, I am pleased to tell you that it is one of best pastel works in colorful/saturated tones that I have ever seen. Moments I think seeing a painting of Lesser Ury...! Anyway, congratulations for this deviation! Its going to my favorites right away!|
(my first critique so please don't hate me >.< ) This painting is beautiful, you used all the colours perfectly, each detail is lovely. The reflection on the ground is done beautifully. The street lights give a good atmosphere and the way you used the paints looked like it actually rained. I love how you to the tree leaves nice and colourful to show that it's autumn. Overall it's really pretty and...''fresh looking'' is how I can say. You gave a shine to everything which is very creative and it's a lovable piece of art that would look really nice in a living room|
What to say here. Every once in a while, I find an piece which has true promise, and looks excellent. This is original, and has a good idea behind it. This is an emotion that should be explored, and is universal. Now, I don't want this to sound harsh, so I'll preface it with this statement: I really liked the work. I wouldn't bother to write this if I didn't, and as always, this is simply -my- opinion. I feel like the execution let the piece down. Now, I won't judge you on cadence, since I have no idea what you had in mind for it (I full-stop after ever span, at least, which doesn't work out well here), but I can judge the flow of it. Just in the first two lines, you have "solitude" directly next to "solidifies". Now, that is nice if you don't write with a verbal component in mind. That's totally acceptable, but also outside of the cope of this critique. In the context of a verbal component, it bogs down any sort of flow, and while that's acceptable, and honestly rather common, in the mid parts of a work...It's less so at the very beginning. More importantly, it sets a strange contrast with the rest of the work, since the first two lines have as many complex words as the rest of the piece combined. Regarding the spacing, which was obviously an important part of the work, it does seem a bit arbitrary at times, especially if you pause on spans, as do I. You end up with weird situations like "my" and "words" having a long-pause between them, but not one between "perhaps" and "it", which seems much more appropriate, especially with the contemplative mood the piece sets. Anyways, That's all from me. Remember, I like the piece overall, and any observations in here should be taken as points that could be improved upon later, and not attempts to tear down your work. Excellent job.|
The Positives: I thoroughly enjoyed reading this. You were able to put the characters' personalities on the paper very clearly, and you used wonderfully picturesque language. Your grammar is great, your sentence structure is varied yet not too complex, and the composition length is just right. You have a good balance between narration and dialogue, and I think it's brilliant to explain how all the Doctors knew they needed to go help save Gallifrey. The Negatives: having two Doctors is always a problem for narration, becuase if you simply say 'the Doctor' no one is sure which doctor you mean. I think that you overcompensated for this a bit, and every time one talked you used a different modifier - 'the beige doctor' 'the brunette doctor' 'the pinstripe doctor' et cetera. The constant change in description breaks the flow of the story a bit. Perhaps if you picked only one or two descriptions to use more than once it would be better. Especially at that fourth-to-last paragraph. The only other thing I can think of is perhaps the very first sentance, which is a little bit cumbersome. I think it could perhaps be improved if it were either restructured of cut into two sentences. Overall it is a very well-written piece and you have great talent as a writer. Keep it up! I look forward to reading more of your work.|
Okay here I go! Vision/Impact (???): The over-all tone of this mysterious guy in the street, making the viewer think " I'd better be cautious around this guy..." is pretty spot on, if that's what you were going for that is... (If you know what I mean, sorry that sounded strange heh... (Also those "heh"s are the equivalent to my "lol"s, which are mostly used for when I don't know how to end a sentence...)) However, since I'm so numb (reading A TON of Creepy-pastas and all.) I've kinda grown used to being creeped out. Nevertheless, I decide to give you a high score sine if I never knew about it I'd think it's AWESOME (Heck I still think he looks amazing!) Appearance: He looks fancy, yet has this Gothic style to it, in which I don't mind! (Honestly, I think that's what you were going for, so good job I guess!) He also seems pretty cool and charismatic looking if you ask me! Even though I like his overall apperance, I'm not to much of a fan when it come to goth characters. Not cause they're goth mind you, it's the concept of some Gothic vampire seems over run concept now-a-days (Or I've been looking at to many CPs... I don't know I'm weird, sorry.) Technique: Despite the many pros, I do think that it being a 3-D rendition of your character (and telling that it's a 3-D rendition, no offense, just saying!) I think you shouldn't put him in a realistic environment. Nonetheless, I'm just one person here! Doesn't mean you should stop it, although I would think that it's a more safer choice if you made a more video game-esque background (Victorian styled bedroom or something like that.. I don't know you're that artist!) (Or the other way around, making the Black Horseman look more realistic...Guh, I feel kinda rude since I bet you worked hard on him, heh...) Final Comments: Well, that's all I got for now, I guess! Sorry if this offended you in any way! Also this is my first ever critique on a deviation, so I hope you still enjoyed it! If there's anything's wrong with it, just note me!|
Vision: You definitely nailed bakao-creation's style with the watercolours. It's a simple doodle/painting, but you've just done such a great job, that it's perfect. Originality: The elephant kind of reminds me of the kids show Babar. But the colours are very unique for an elephant! I love how the different shades of purple fall, even if this is what you were talking about with your scanner acting up! The snail is cute, too! Technique: The little plops of paint running over the lines actually works quite well! Near the trunk, it looks like water is coming out. And accordingly, there's a part of the trunk that looks a little swollen, as if full of water. I don't know if you meant to do that, but it's great! Impact: This is so adorable! Lovelovelove it!|
To begin I must first congratulate you on this,it's very nice! The character itself is very well drawn when it comes to both proportion and perspective. The wings are nicely done adding to the " cute" of the whole piece along with the pink coloring of the inside of the ears. The shade of gray is warm and promotes the image of peace that relates to the title. The ocean blue used for the tale and front paws we can subconsciously connect to water the idea of gentle swaying lulling you to sleep which brings us back to the title. The image of water can also be seen as a symbol of energy as a life source and the fact that sleep is one of our main sources of energy. The purple headgear adds a more night like color to the picture and balances with the brightness of the blue.Along with that we see the tiny sparkles that we can link with the vision of night as they resemble stars.The white pixel outline may be considered as a bit too bright and disturbing by some people but I do not plan to make a fuss about it. In a few words,you have done a great job!|
This is my first Critique, so please bear with me. First off, this is a very good poem, and what convinced me was the idea behind it, which I took to be someone writing and trying to get over a lost love, but he just can't get over her. While it isn't a completely original idea, it is a meaningful one, if you do it right, which you did. It is very easy to make these 'trying to forget my lost love' stories very self-pitying and whiny, but you avoided that well. It gives a feeling that he's genuinely trying to forget but failing, rather than pretending they wish to forget while obsessing over them. I felt I could relate to it. Secondly, your format is nice. I'm a fan of stories where there are two prevalent voices or narrations, so I was pleased when I saw that there was his thoughts of distracting himself, then immediately below is the thought of her that comes to mind, showing that every little thing reminds him of her. I like the division in his thoughts. Aside from that, I see a few grammatical errors, but they don't detract from the piece. Overall, good job! I really enjoy this, and I like your style and imagery. Keep it up!|
Not terribly great on writing critiques on this kind of art yet, but I'll give it a go! Well, this is definitely pretty unique! The tail is a nice touch, and the goggles really pop out. The wings are nice. It really is nice overall, I only have one thing that I personally think could improve it. Just my opinion though! It's just the placement of the white outline. I think it's a bit awkward in some places. What mostly looks weird is the outline on the rear of the animal and on the tip of the first segment of the tail. These outlines make the different parts look a bit... detached. Unless of course you were going for that, in which case, good job! Overall, very nice work|
I agree with you on the texture,it looks quite nice!The different shades of gray you have chosen give your character a more "heavy" look which promotes the image of laziness you are trying to express.The golden color you have used for some parts in contrast with the gray plus the layer of fur around its neck makes one think of royalty or a high social status.Along with that comes the demand in the title and the " I own you so do as I say" vision which is very commonly found in feline behavior because of their independent and territorial characters.Red and pink like colors were once worn by royalty and people with a high social status because they expressed power and influence so the addition of those only makes my previous idea stronger.Some may find the gray overwhelming but to me it is well chosen to put your idea forward. Congratulations,you have done a great job in expressing this female's strong character!|
I really don't have anything else to say about dis. XD I already posted the majority of what I want on your WIP. As always, that shading is byoutiful, the lighting on pretty much everything works well. But jesus, she is shiny as hell. Since I need 100chars I'm gonna have to post this. "So you want to be a great lover Ninja Sex Party will help you train So much knowledge to discover We'll shoot a hot load of wisdom all over your brain"Lets go! It's time for sex training Put on your weightlifting gloves and a thong You've been chosen by angels Now you're the master of your destiny and your shlong"|
From what I see, I think this is a really beautiful piece. It's a gorgeous place which you've captured well, you've brought the colours out very well, it almost looks like a painting. I like the way the peeling wallpaper/paint correlates with the dry well, a sense of dryness also brought about by the red colours. One thing would maybe be that the eye very, very slightly gets drawn away from the well, and towards the windows in the background, but I think overall, the fact that there are bright colours everywhere, means that that isn't a big deal in the grand scheme of things. (As well as the fact the lines in the tiles direct your eye to the well aswell.) I think it's stunning, and well done|
I shall applaud you now. Now and forever. I just LOVE the stars in the Puffs eyes. That technique just makes their eyes POP. I've watched a ton of your speed arts on YT and I love your use of shapes. I'm only about a year younger than you but I still have a long way to go before I fully understand what you as a fifteen year old did in Photo Shop. But, now, for this comic. I do think Momoko's face looks a little funky, but everything else about her is amazing. Again, I don't understand shading and lighting, but you've done is amazing to my naked eyes. I love how you captured Bubbles' obliviousness to make Momoko look even more stupid, besides Blossom being able to ace the test in only a minute. Last thing, the grammar was a little incorrect, but I was still able to decipher it. BEAUTIFUL!!!! You truly are one of the most talented people I've ever met!!!! XD|
"Your improvement is far beyond ours. You learnt composition, color and design really quikly and i bet this is only the beginning. Glad i saw you" "I really love the palette, and this picture has so much details on it. Specially, clothes and hair. " Thanks for the inspiration You´re really something. Anatomy is not a problem for you now. I wish you to work on your animals anatomy. That could be the next step? You are so damn good that it´s hard to say something better than this -___- sorry, bro ;__; (We don´t even deserve to rate someone as good as you, but you ask for a piece of advice and i couldn´t resist) And this was my first... critique, i think. (Ignore the crappy english, we´re from Argentina. WE is ´cause we are twins for real. Please, keep moving and dream big (we know you can do it) ^_^|
I reaalllly love Pinkie Pie, and you captured her perfectly!!! I voted 4.5 on originality because of the fact that Pinkamena and Pinkie Pie are often drawn together (at least the pictures I see). I do wish that we could do something like 4.9, but there isn't. The technique is absolutely srunning! It looks almost EXACTLY like the actual cartoon. It pops out and really gives us a view of how Pinkie was and is (although she wasn't originally named Pinkamena) . I really like it and wish I was as talented as you >-<. I hope this review is good... It's my first one.|
Hello there!~ Where should I start... This work is simple yet elaborate enough to be memorable. First of all let me get out of the way the things I feel that would have been done better because there are so few of them. If any at all. I felt the only thing that was slightly a miss was the Background compared to the characters. Only the lower parts starting from the clouds would have been a little better if it matched the characters in detail. Or a little less distracting as the gems do take the focus away from the main focus of the picture being the two adorable characters. A little pop of a different color maybe would have done the trick but that is always difficult to do when working on something as intricate as this. Now let's get to my favorite part!~ The things I adore about this peace. First the sky I loves the color play and the mood. Not to mention how she went about it subtle and yet so memorable. Now the two characters they look like twins at first glance and they probably are. But by their attire you can see the major differences. They both look like magicians. The one on the left has a mood of being reserved and conservative. while the one on the right seems like the bright flashy one not a bad thing at all especially when drawing characters. She made them stand out well from one another I think she could have made them pop a little more because the BG is so beautiful on its own it distracts me and makes ones eye focus wonder. But, Overall if I didn't have to write a critique about it I would say how cute it is and that I would want to see much more in the future. I can see the improvement and the hard work she puts into it. Very pretty! Good job! Don't hate me >< I had to say something slightly of. Love you =Tsu=|
Ok, I haven't written a critique on your drawings before, just found your profile, and I felt like I just NEEDED to write a critique. Let's start with the bad. The front legs and shoulders are totally in the wrong spot. It doesn't have a chest, as the shoulders take up the whole neck area and are even touching. You should look at some pictures to fix this. Also, one shoulder is bigger then the other, making the whole body look out of proportion. The paws are just nubs with lines on them. It may be your style, but do try to put some detail on them, especially when there isn't much detail else-where, as it is a front on drawing. Anatomy is very important, and a style isn't an excuse for bad anatomy. I suggest a red line to fix this, and also sketching before you draw. This can really help. Would you like a red line? The tail is very long, although that might be your style. It isn't fluffy, you should try to put some on it. Also, the ears are quite large, although that puts some diversity in your drawing. Ok, now the good. The wings look nice, they are simple although effective. As is the background. The blazing cat on the dark background gives it a great look. The face is detailed, yet simple. Overall, it is a good drawing. Sorry there wasn't much good stuff, but with every drawing, as you have said multiple times, you improve. I can't wait to see your next piece, and if you have decided to listen to my critique.|
Hey i drew goten as well but it was on folder paper. lols. Anyways i like what you did with the clothing and shoes. It gives of who goten was and how he played a key role in dragonball z. The shading on him is perfect. And the hair well... its just like Goku's hair! Anyways i like these drawings since you don't need to worry about coloring them. But, if this were to be colored i dont know what to say to myself. Well, goodjob and keep these drawings up. From, Kyo Sohama P.S. What will you draw next?|
its good, but you may need to work on arm length and shoulders. otherwise its pretty good. drawing pokemon isnt easy, but you did. lucario was a hard choice, but you managed. remember body shapes and placement. maybe try drawing out a diagram and see how it turns out. drawing out a diagram on the body helps with feature and part placements. the right shoulder is sticking out much more than it should. the leg lengths don't match either. also the ruffles in the fur could use some work. you cold try making them move with the direction of the objct theyre placed around. otherwise you did a nice job.|
I like your concept, although this is an early stage of your work, it takes time to improve and i know you will improve, i see a chance and i am pretty sure you can advance more. You said you do need to work on your background, i agree with you, although this is not bad, just work on shading and color concepts.. If i can give you a piece of advice, look at paintings and Walk around parks and try to observe more about nature and work on putting them in use. You are doing great. Keep it up|
Ich bin wirklich beeindruckt, wie sauber und detailliert du alles ausgearbeitet und dargestellt hast. Anatomisch gesehen ist der Kleine recht ordentlich, proportioniert und hübsch anzusehen, dennoch ist dir in der Betrachterperspektive bei den Augen ein kleiner aber feiner Fehler unterlaufen. Im Gesicht sind die Augen im Verhältnis zum Nasenrücken unproportional, da das linke näher an ihm dran ist als das rechte und es somit leicht gequetscht rüberkommt. Die Schnauzenregion finde ich persönlich sehr schön und schon wieder fast perfekt. <'3 Gawwd, dein Shading ist richtig toll, besonders auf dem Rücken und am Wangenfell. Licht- und Schatteneffekte gleichen sich aus und erzeugen einen schönen, dreidimensionalen Eindruck. Mich stören im Hintergrund jedoch die Wolken etwas, da sie nicht richtig fertig gezeichnet wurden, somit aber die Figur in den Vordergrund gestellt wird. Alles in Allem harmonieren die Farben in deinem Bild und es hat eine himmlische, imposante und herrschaftliche Wirkung. (: Greez, Kuhori. ~|
How many watchers or comments you have doesn't determine the quality of your work. Honestly, if you're going to quit just because you don't reach 100 favorites or only get 1-5 comments-- it makes me wonder, what are you drawing for in the first place? Are you even doing it because you like it? If you are, then you shouldn't care about how many comments or favorites you didn't get but the ones that you did get. You should take the feelings you have and turn them around so you're striving to improve. If you really want popularity, then you'll get there one day, but don't get mad if you don't get it overnight or in a couple of weeks. It'll take time. You have to realize that people draw at different speeds. You have potential to become better, but to do that you actually have to believe that you will improve and never give up.|
I guess I'll offer my opinion based on what I know, but so far, I definitely think you come along well with this, and effort is clearly shown, but I find that as I assume you interpret this as queen, there's something that doesn't quite strike me 100% that she could pass off as one, I think you're missing some detail... refinement maybe? your light source is also a little off (I find light source the most difficult thing ever) originality wise, the reason why it doesn't strike as fully original, I would think is because there are a lack of elements/hints/colours that don't fully interpret what you intended to interpret. There is a degree of stagnancy with colours and elements. One way to definitely improve that, coming from me at least, is to carefully select your colours, in such a way that evoke exactly what you are trying to portray, thus making it more believable! also, adding elements (details, physical characteristics, sense of environment etc.) also allow people to conclude what it is they are looking at, before knowing of the title beforehand or what you interpreted it to be... if that makes sense? Digital art is tough... believe me even i'm still trying to wrap my head around it. If there's one thing for certain, is that this piece has been softened way too much regarding colours and this makes it difficult to knick out the definition of your lines and details in the features, also, I think you over blended just a tad bit which results in a lack of contrast (makes it difficult to visualize exactly where you put your shades/shadows/lighting) thus giving it less figure and definition. If colours are over softened, it strips the ability for a drawing to be considered realistic or ''believable'' and everything loses it shape and become flat. like I mentioned prior, the lack of elements and refinement makes it hard for the viewer to pin point exactly what they are looking at... in which a drawing may appear as overly generic or lacks ''pizzazz''. Though I admit people are irritatingly selective and judgmental, it's hard not to be able to really tell when something has that something that makes it original. If one thing is for certain though, when putting details and adding refinement to your art, you are continuing to build upon it and allowing the viewer to get a better idea of what they see, which should hopefully be what you see. You don't want to over crowd a drawing either, but what I mean to say is that it's very important to consider detail and make additions if you can in order to acheive what you wanted to portray, and the environment/background makes a huge difference as well overall though, I'm happy to know that you are proud of this! people should honestly appreciate their art more (even if we kinda don't). the best things to focus on right now are your colouring techniques, avoid overblending, define your light sources more, define your contrast, and don't be afraid to go into detail and make additions. on a more positive note, the way you drew the profile is definitely accurate! please keep practicing, keep drawing and don't fear reference or coloring tutorials, they sure helped me out. Also, just by looking at painting tutorials, you can extract some techniques which might help you improve you can throw a pie in my face now if I was being too big of a snob, just make sure it isn't a sugar pie.|
My first critique I've ever done! Imma be a bit hard on everything, pleAse don't hate me >D< Right, I have seen many pieces of art Like this... Not quite as the same but alarmingly similar with the backgrounds matching the character. It feels generic, alarmingly generic. 3 stars on originality, I'm sorry >D< Poses seem so uncomfortably stiff... it just doesn't look comfortable nor nice. The blush on Amy cut off rather abruptly, a nice fade out might do.. Vision gets a 4. When it comes to technique, I'll count everything for this. I like how you added bits of detail on silver, it's really well done. I noticed how you blended in the background colors and just kind of made it appear half mixed. I do notice a small gap around the hands where the color should have been mixed, just no.. Technique gets a 4 1/2. I do feel the love in this~ feels feels feels. Then I see Amy's mouth, for some reason it scares me and kinda kills it. I apologize if that is exactly a bit of the style you have that just won't go away. Impact is.. Alright you deserve a good 4 1/2. How did I do?~|
This fan art really captures Wendy's heroic side, in a very amplified way. Showing Wendy in mid-air like a running valkyrie brings out the image of the brave spirit we saw in the episode The technique is gourgeous. The color jumps up without being annoying and the lighting gives the feeling of depth and dimension as good as the opening animation of the show. You can even see the artist put thought in the background. Justice is made to the original style of the series wotihout forgetting the personal touch, which shows in the bruises, anatomy and Wendy's expression. The final result is a piece that really stands out in the galleries of the Gravity falls fandom. So yeah, Excellent.|
aaaaaalright :3 sorry if there are mistakes i've read warriors but i don't fully rember this part... and sorry for all the misspellings english isn't my first language lets start out with the good stuff i LOVE feathertails eyes. they look magnicicent! not to poppy-outty :3 stonetail (the one holding feathertail again don't fully rember) is very cute holding her ^^ and like always, great tails! not to long not to short not to fluffy. just right :3 and i love the background! nowww off to the bad things... starting with crowpaw, like the others said his eyes are WAY to bright. heres how to tell if somethings to bright, close your eyes then quickly look at the piece. if the first thing your eyes set on is the bright thing then then its to bright! another thing is his face. in my opinion it doesn't really fit with the way he is standing... no offence but he kind of looks slightly constapated or mentally chalanged. now onto the blood. ooh the blood.... it doesn't really look like blood to be honest! im sorry.... it should be blurred more and shaded! the bit of blood where stonetails arm is on the far left looks great tho. c: and those little circle things above the paws.... im not really sure what those are... they look a little.... strange... and feathertails left paw shouldn't be lifted because shes dying! the anatomy could also use some work... for such a dark piece and the background is dark the cats should be darker. not as bright as they are. it needs shading... you may have shaded but i cant really tell...? the markings should also be blurred some and feathertails markings on her back go off onto her arm.... and the scars on crowpaws back look... strange.... well... i hope i didn't sound to harsh!!!! you clearly put lots of effort into this! this is just my opinion. hope i helped as well ;v;|
Every night in my dreams I see you, I feel you, That is how I know you go on Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you go on Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go till we're gone Love was when I loved you One true time I hold to In my life we'll always go on Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on You're here, there's nothing I fear, And I know that my heart will go on We'll stay forever this way You are safe in my heart And my heart will go on and on|
Heya! I think the overall feeling of the piece is rather nice, however, it doesn't seem to be finished. I think a little more shading and possibly also some more time spent over the anatomy of Vaporeon would be good in helping out your piece. Also, you might want to look up a few tutorials on shading and environments, as well as a few tutorials on anatomy. Another thing you might want to keep in mind is to try not and create effects before you finish a piece. Right now the piece seems a bit messy, with all the lines and effects. Keep it up!|
im gonna post some song lyrics that will explain how perf this is. even if i dont fricking ship skylox, this is too beutiful to go unnoticed. here is something that is sometimes counted as beutiful but is not too close to it : the quackbeast song (Bum bum bum, ba-dum ba-dum) A duck walked up to a lemonade stand And he said to the man, running the stand "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?" The man said "No, we just sell lemonade. But it’s cold And it's fresh And it’s all home-made. Can I get you glass?" The duck said, “I’ll pass.” Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle) 'Til the very next day. (Bum bum bum bum Bum da-dum) The duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man, running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes? The man said "No, like I said yesterday, We just sell lemonade. OK? Why not give it a try?" The duck said, "Goodbye." Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle) Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle waddle) Then he waddled away (Waddle waddle) 'Til the very next day. (Bum bum bum bum bum ba-dum) When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (bum bum bum) Got any grapes? The man said, "Look, this is getting old. I mean, lemonade’s all we’ve ever sold. Why not give it a go?" The duck said, “How 'bout, no.” Then he waddled away (Waddle waddle) Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle waddle) Then he waddled away (Waddle waddle) 'Til the very next day. (Bum bum bum bum bum ba-dum) When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?" The man said, "THAT’S IT! If you don’t stay away, Duck, I’ll glue you to a tree and leave you there all day, stuck. So don’t get to close!" The duck said, "Adios." Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle) Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle waddle) Then he waddled away (Waddle waddle) 'Til the very next day. (Bum bum bum bum bum ba-dum) When the duck walked up to the lemonade stand And he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) got any glue?" "What?" "Got any glue?" "No, why would I– oh!" And one more question for you; "Got any grapes?" (Bum bum bum, bum bum bum) And the man just stopped. Then he started to smile. He started to laugh. He laughed for a while. He said, “Come on duck, let’s walk to the store. I’ll buy you some grapes So you won’t have to ask anymore.” So they walked to the store And the man bought some grapes. He gave one to the duck and the duck said, “Hmm... No thanks. But you know what sounds good? It would make my day. Do you think this store... Do you think this store... Do you think this store...has any… lemonade?” (Fading) Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle) Then he waddled away. (Waddle waddle waddle) Then he waddled away (Waddle waddle)|
Oh my... A traditional drawing! Well let's dive right in! I just love the dress you designed for her! Absolutely love the shading you did from the lower to the upper torso of the dress and the breasts (yes, I call em breasts, not "boobs" or "tits" show some respect for women, a pet peeve of mine when someone disrespects a woman) the vision of the drawing is gorgeous, a very original art design. The technique once again got me falling in love of the shading ^u^ and the overall impact this artwork makes it so lovely! Keep the wonderful work coming lynxeh! Storm the cat